Speaker 1  0:06  
I will start from once that sentence, and I will build on it logically, the entire thesis. So don't rush to agree with the sentence very quickly. Let's examine it everything is hinged upon it. The sentence is the technology can bring benefits if and only if it diminishes a limitation. Now this is not a really far off statement because it includes the words if and only if this is a very decisive statement. Do you agree with it? Technology can bring benefits if and only if it diminishes the limitation. Don't rush to agree with it because as I said, Once you agree with it, you're hooked. Everything else is totally logical. Derivatives of it. So let me explain a little bit more. First of all, let me emphasize the fact that what is written here is that the only ways that technology can bring benefit is by diminishing limitation. It does not mean that if technology does diminish or limitation, that necessarily will bring benefit. Remember, the word can bring benefit. So other things that you have to pay attention to is that the limitation that we are talking about might be unrecognized limitation. And still, this sentence holds What do I mean by unrecognized limitation? Let's take an example. 200 years ago, it was totally not feasible for a person to have a full time job and at the same time cover let's say 10 miles every day. And that's why for example, a person got a job in a different town, a town which is more remote remote more than let's say three miles, he was relocating his place of living. At that time, if you ask Is it a limitation? Nobody would consider it their limitations. I consider it as a fact of life. How many of you live today, more than 10 miles away from your place of work? Almost everybody. Okay. So it was a limitation unrecognized, but it was a limitation even then. Bear in mind all of that and go and look at it. Again. Technology can bring benefits if and only if it diminishes a limitation. Do you agree? I think it's a very good point to start us with looks quite reasonable. If that's the case, let's remind ourselves something that most people who are providing technology have already forgotten about it, which is we were alive and functioning before the technology was provided. Correct. We were alive. What does it mean? It means that it must be that long before the availability of the technology. We developed mode of operation mode of behavior mode of operation we develop policies, measurements rules, from now on, I will call them rules. We develop rules to help us accommodate a limitation. Otherwise, it would have ran smack into it and die. We were able to operate that's abuse. Now if you take both the sentences together a real bothering question start to appear. Suppose that we are dealing with technologies that diminish a major limitation and we've implemented the technology and we've made a very good job in implementing it. And we diminish the limitation. Totally. Still, the question is, what benefits will any technology bring if we neglect to change the rules? The rules that help us to accommodate the limitations before that technology was what benefits will be season?

Unknown Speaker  4:14  
You start to see the answer.

Speaker 1  4:17  
Basically nothing. Why? Because as long as we obey the rules and these rules well in order to bypass the limitation, so as long as we obey these rules, for all practical purposes we behave as if the limitation is still there. And then, we took the technology, a good technology, we implemented it, it diminishes the limitation and we still don't get any benefits. Can it be that we are so stupid and we are doing in reality? You know the answer. This is what's happening in the vast majority of technologies that we are putting in for a long time. We are still obeying the rules and because of it for a long time, we don't get real benefits. I will not talk today about every technology I will try to restrict it to the technology of computer software.

Unknown Speaker  5:19  
Because let's face it

Speaker 1  5:22  
there is no company that is not already digitized most of its data. We put huge investments in not just investment in the software, not just investment in hardware, not just investments in putting the data in the biggest investment is the disruptions that it causes when we are switching a system that can companies that have invested hundreds of millions of dollars if the technology is powerful, and I'm going to show you that this is probably the most powerful technologies that was ever offered to industry we should see you Mungus benefits. How many companies do you know out there that have said fine we have invested $100 million in ERP in installing an ERP but our bottom line due to this investment have 10 fold increased how many companies like that? On the other hand, how many companies you know that invested even less than that in ERP and are saying we are about to sue the whatever names you call it.

Unknown Speaker  6:28  
What's happening here?

Speaker 1  6:31  
In order to go about it systematically, if we just look at what we have here, we can see what process do we have to follow in order to guarantee that a valid technology will bring benefits? What questions do we have to follow in sequence in order to ensure that good technology, Once implemented, will bring really bottom line benefits? And the questions are quite obvious look. The first question that we have to ask ourselves is

Unknown Speaker  7:07  
what is the power of the technology? What are we talking about?

Speaker 1  7:12  
Actually, that's very easy to answer. You just have to go and ask the providers of the technology what is the real power of that technology? And they don't have any problem to answer. As a matter of fact, the only problem that they have is to stop to answer that you will have to stop them after they otherwise they will continue on and on. But once we understand the power of technology, we should not fall into the trap of being impressed so much with the power no matter how big the power. Based on what we said so far. It's obvious that we have to continue and ask the next question. Otherwise, we are bound to waste it. And the second question is what limitation does this technology diminishes? You'll know how many times we've seen beautiful technologies beautiful solutions. The only problem is that nobody has a problem. We must identify precisely what limitation does it diminish? Then let's not stop there. Because if we will, most probably will run into the traps that we will talk before. Now we have to insist on answering the third question, and usually that's the hardest one to find. And the third question is what rules helped us to accommodate the limitation? Because if we don't identify these rules, the chances that we will like leave them as they are is huge. They're already at that stage part of our fabric, part of the ways that we behave. So unless we identify them, they will stay there and as long as they stay there, no matter how good that technology is. Benefits we will not get. As a matter of fact, as I'm going to show you the minute that we answer the third question and only then we can really evaluate how much benefits we will get from the technology. Only when we are learning what do we pay in the ways that we bypass the limitation? Only then we know how much are we going to gain once we don't have to bypass the limitation once once we have the limitation removed. But then we have in most cases to continue on as the first question otherwise nothing will happen. And the first question is what rules should we use? Now? Many times the rules that we have to use now after the limitation is replaced is not strictly the opposite of the previous rules. And then in those cases, it is the hardest thing to find the new rules. Let me show you two examples of technology, one which represent the easiest case, and one which represents the hardest case. Easiest and hardest in terms of answering question number three and question number four. Thank God did both examples are coming from computer technology from computer systems. One is relating to the first technologies that we've used in organizations in the in industry. The colleges it was called MRP. This technology was the one that caused us to digitize our information, our data and then a different technology vastly different technology called ERP. It's not just the change of one word. The ERP is the technologies that we use today. And today yes, we add to it many many segments that we forgot in the past. So now we are talking about b2b and CRM and E commerce and they're all part of the same ERP just expanding it to cover more areas. So let me show you how important are these four questions and demonstrated first of all on the MRP.

Unknown Speaker  11:15  
The first question is

Speaker 1  11:17  
what is the main power of the technology and of course this time we will ask what is the main power of MLP. Now most of you are young, so you don't remember it anymore. So let me describe the environment and what was the problems that MRP have tried to solve? for that. Let's look on the data structure of a plant.

Unknown Speaker  11:46  
Any organization that produces something physical

Speaker 1  11:51  
Don't worry, it's not so complicated. For example, we are talking about a plant that had is producing two different products, product A and product B you have here the orders and the quantities for the orders for product A here the orders and the quantities for product B. Product A is actually an assembly of three different things. Two things that we produce at home, one purchase parts that we buy from our vendors. Here you have how much finished goods are available right now how much stock do you have from the parts and here is for example, the routing the various stations, workstations that has to go in order to produce this part and this is the material that we are purchasing in order to start a work and how much stock we have here is a sub assembly made out of two parts produced at home and here the routing with some scrap non scrap that really care is usually occurring at this stage work in process. And here is for example the raw material that different quantities are needed for this part or that part. By the way, even if I'm looking on a very small plant and I will map in this way then tap data and tire products and so on. Do you understand that? I will not be able to put it on such a small screen it will go around the walls about seven times. And the question that was facing every plant was the following. Suppose that these are the oldest, fine how much material let's see from this material, how much should we order from our vendor? What's the quantity they should we should order

Unknown Speaker  13:38  
out of it as you

Speaker 1  13:40  
you can just have to calculate it. You know, to take the quantities to net the finished goods and to go into the bill of material to see how much finished good finished parts are and so on and so forth. How much time it will take you to calculate let's say what is the demand now how much should they order from this raw material? How much time should they ask how much time it will take you to reach the right answer without a mistake. And if I have to do it for all my materials, and I have to do it. This is a huge problem. The power of the MRP technology was its ability to do dependent calculations in this surprise, speed, surprising speed. That's the power. Remember what the meaning of dependent calculations because the calculations are I have to do at this level depending on the results that I've gotten less level and so on the ability to do dependent simple calculations in enormous speed. That's what's the power of MRP five let's continue on that. What is our next question that we have to answer?

Unknown Speaker  14:53  
It was

Speaker 1  14:56  
what limitation does it diminish? I know. Once again it's relatively simple. The limitation is the time to do net requirement. What is net requirement is given all the orders, how much is a net requirement at the power and raw material levels so we know how much to order. The time required was huge. As a matter of fact, if you will go 20 years ago, in a plant of about 300 people they had about 20 people almost devoted to this type of calculations to do that. And let me remind you that's not exactly a fascinating job. If you would have forced me to do it, you had to hospitalize me after a week.

Unknown Speaker  15:52  
This was a huge limitation.

Speaker 1  15:55  
But in order to understand the full magnitude of this limitation, we have to go and continue to ask yourself question. Remember that questions that if we don't touch nothing happens. What rules helped us to accommodate the limitation? Well this rule was not written anywhere. Nevertheless, it was obeyed in over 90% of the plants worldwide, the same exact rules in Chile or India or us or France everywhere. The exact same rule can anybody

Unknown Speaker  16:29  
sift from his memory the rule

Speaker 1  16:32  
of too young find let me tell you what is the rule? The rule was you do not requirement once a month because if you will do it more frequently. You will need more people doing these calculations and to produce the parts everywhere in the world. That was a rule. You don't read requirement once a month. Now you can also understand what was the limitation in terms of how damaging was a limitation. Try to imagine what is the meaning of it. You're ever plant. I'm your client. I'm coming to you and I'm asking for a product that you're producing. You're checking to see if it's in finished goods. And it's not remember you are producing also the forecast and forecast is not exactly the most reliable thing in the world. If it turns out that you don't have in finished goods now your answer to me is I will consider your order next month. This is what is called perfect customer service. You understand that the only way that you can stay in business with such customer service is that your competitors doing the same as it was your mom that look now how much finished goods inventory do we have to hold? And whenever we release material to the floor, we release a whole month's consumption. So our floor looks like a snake that swallows a cow at a time. Now what happens to the lead time? They are huge, how much work in process we have, how much quality defects we have. The only way we could survive is that our competitors were doing the same. By the way, no wonder that when the first companies that goes on MRP we're talking about the results. Let him talk about better visibility. They didn't talk about better communication. They know what they talked about. For example, take Black and Decker was one of the famous companies that went into it. Let's send you to that. We are now the biggest in the world because our lead time I've been cutting more than half our finished goods have been cut dramatically. Our service levels are at heights that nobody can compete with us. We are making a fortune. And when more and more companies were saying the same, and I'm talking about the end of the 70s of course people started to pay attention and the wave started and people started the industry as a whole started to go on the MRP and let me remind you at that time to go on the computer that was a real revolution. That was a time that we digitized our data. Before that all the data was on paper. Do you know what's the meaning of digitizing all the all the data, all the data, and at that time, we didn't have terminals. We were used punch cards. Anybody is old enough to remember what's the meaning of using punch cards is if the box drops on the floor, you're committing suicide. It was the most unfriendly environment that you can imagine. Mammoth work still people weren't doing it. No wonder the benefits were humungous. But then at the beginning of the 80s, where the movement really started to pick up speed, you started to hear some murmurs from industry. And these murmurs start to become bigger and bigger and bigger until at around 84 It became a scream and you know what it was? Communist was saying we've done all of it. Where are the benefits? Where are the benefits? Are not one company or two companies have studied? More than 90% of the companies said where are the benefits that you were talking about? And the stream was so big that the providers software providers, the education providers and consultancy providers, came up with an answer that was known at that time as class a user. What is the meaning of being a class a user of MRP that then you can claim that you should have the benefits? Between you and me? Most of it was how much education have you done? How much actually have you paid to the providers and if you didn't pay enough? The real problem with all of that was that that's where the legend of over 99% accuracy of the data. These legends at over 99% accuracy is needed started. Which is a crazy legend because let's face it, the most important part of the data is the oldest and the quantity of the orders. Do you have 99% accuracy. If you're working for forecast, forget it totally. But even if you're working fulfilling orders, did this ever happen to you that the client is changing his mind or at least postponing who has 99% accuracy the audits and if the most important part of the data is not accurate to 99% Why do we insist on demanding this level of accuracy from pieces of data which are less important? Only because of one one thing, if I will demand 99% accuracy of the data I can always blame you rather than you can blame me.

Unknown Speaker  21:59  
And the results were not there.

Unknown Speaker  22:02  
So what did we do?

Speaker 1  22:06  
We switch technology and in 95 We started the crusade on ERP In other words, we put the problem under the carpet. Go ahead. Still, we have to ask ourselves, How come the such technologies that diminish such a huge limitation? How come that it provided huge results for the pioneers? That didn't provide it for the majority of the companies that went on it? You know the answer? You know the answer. Look, what rules helped us to accommodate the limitation we said you run that requirement once a month. Go back and check you'll find something amazing most companies that when things eight is on the MRP ran MRP overnight to do all the calculation to get the net requirements or ran it overnight. Once a month. Of course it didn't got the results. And that time if somebody would have come any other providers and said ran it once a week ran its once in four days. Who would say no. Everybody would have got the benefits a whole industry would have flourished including the providers. Nobody said it nobody including me. And I was involved in that. So it's this movement, which still do by the way is obvious is not so obvious sometimes. In other words, it tells you to what extent we must formally answer the first question what rules should we use now? And don't try to be super ultra precise here. Who cares if it's once a week or once in four days? Or once in seven days? Or once in three and a half days? Who cares? We would have got most of the benefits anyhow. But if we don't answer this question, we will not switch and then and then will not get the benefits. The same is happening with ERP we are doing the same mistake but on a much larger scale. You scale.

Unknown Speaker  24:12  
Let's go and analyze the same thing for up.

Speaker 1  24:16  
First question is what again? What is the main power of that technology? Now ERP is vastly different than MRP. It's not the same power that we're talking about, even though it's the same computer. Just to show it to you, you see MRP was restricted to the shop floor. That's ERP restricted just to the shop floor. No. Does ERP is also for yes finance, marketing, distribution, engineering. It's for all functions. In the system. ERP is a holistic system. What is the real main power of that technology? Remember itself was limited to any one function. It's for everything. What is the main power here? And the power is not in the speed of making calculations. The power is much bigger. The power is its ability to handle data. Look what I'm talking about. First thing is its ability to store data. How much data is stored today on our computers? Just to prove it to you print it out. In other words, use the previous technology and the previous technology was paper. Let's face it, print it out. Now what warehouse do you need in order to stop all this paper? The ability to store data provided by ERP is orders of magnitude bigger than what it was before. But that's not the end of it. The second thing is the ability to transfer data across silos. Think what it was to move data in the past from production to sales, or from engineering to production it took forever today. Today, the whole way that the ERP is organized is such that it's common database once it's entered, it's available. And the third thing, which is once again orders many orders of magnitude better than the previous technology is ability to retrieve data. Think of the following if we are using the previous technology paper and now our data is filling the entire room with paper. And now we are asking about finding one piece of data out of all this mountain of paper how much time it will take you to search for it probably more than your lifetime with the ERP system. If we don't get it within three seconds, we start to complain about inefficient system in all aspects of handling data in the storage in the transfer and in the Retrieve we are dealing here not with 10% improvement, not with 100% improvement. We are dealing he was orders of magnitude improvement. That's the power of the technology and it is huge. But as we said let's not fall in love with the power. We still have to continue. And what is the next question that we have to ask him how to really evaluate whether or not to invest in it. And the next question is, what limitation does it diminish? And here amazingly enough, even though in the last two years I've talked with so many providers of this technology, and so many companies that are making their livelihood from installing this technology, I'm sorry to say that they have not got even once a clear answer to this question. Because when I'm coming in saying what limitation does it diminish? I'm getting answers like better visibility. Which means the limitation is not good enough visibility or not good enough communication, which shows me to what extent people do not realize how huge is a limitation that we really diminish? By the ERP we didn't even answered correctly. The second question, let me show you what I believe is the limitations that is diminished. Do you agree with me that managers in any company in any level in any function? Their real job is to make decisions. And when you make decisions, you have to make a decision based on data. What happens when you don't have all the relevant data to make a decision and still you have to make the decision? What happened then is you to make a decision which is not the best, sometimes very far from the best. Which means having all the relevant data before you make a decision is unbelievably important. Now let me ask you something look on any company on any manager any function any level. Can you bring an example where he has to make a decision where the relevant data is not generated in his vicinity in his function, but in another function? As a matter of how you think about it, you will find out something amazing you cannot come up with almost any example where it doesn't happen. In other words, almost any decision some of the relevant data is generated in another place. So if we know that moving data on the on in time from one function to the other from one silo to the other, is a problem. This means that today without the ERP without solving this dilemma of availability of data, most managers are forced to take decisions without all the relevant data let me show how huge it is. So, for that, I will not talk about our shattering decision. I will talk about very low level decision something that has to be taken by low level managers all the time. For example I am a foreman. on the shop floor, here there is a machine here there is a worker who does our inventory, some particular inventory and my decisions that have to do is whether or not to tell the worker to process this inventory on this machine. Not as shattering decision session. Now let's look on it what is really all the relevant data. Do you agree with me that the part of the relevant data is to know whether or not the major Krotz in the flow the flow from this machine all the way to the end consumer? Because there are major clots in this flow. What just in time NTUC have taught us is we should tell his worker not to produce even if he doesn't have anything else to do he has to wait because producing it now when there is a major clock will just intensify the problem will just confuse the priorities downstream and will not help at all for the companies to make more money. Does me as a foreman when I'm in this department, do I know about all the major cloths for this particular product from this machine all the way to the end consumer of course. So what do I do? I make a decision without the relevant data. And this is correct for any type of decision. So what is the limitations that we are talking about here? The limitation is the need to make decisions without all the relevant data. I don't know about a bigger limitations than this one in any organization. This is number one limitation in any organization. Try to imagine what's the meaning of it every manager in every level is now making decisions which are far from being the best. And this is a power of these technologies that diminish it. This technology is now not improving. It's likely its order of magnitude better in terms of the data hit diminish. can enable us to diminish this limitation totally. So we should expect huge benefits from ERP. We also know that we don't see it in reality. How come we know how come as well. We didn't bother to go and answer the self question. Let's go to self question.

Speaker 1  32:48  
What rules helped us to accommodate limitation? Not rules.

Speaker 1  33:01  
But rules helped us to condense the limitation. Do you see to what extent we don't not read yet. We've gone and put his hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. We didn't even answer the basic question. Now wonders if we don't get the benefits. Let me show what I mean. Let's take the examples. As I said before, I'm the foreman here the machinery is a worker who has inventory. I don't have all the relevant data today or before the ERP I don't have a chance of getting even this data. I don't know whether or not to clots from this machine up to the way to the end consumer but I still have to make a decision. So what decision will end I will make the decision based on the data which is available on the local data that I can see if there is a cloud immediately here. I will tell him don't do that we'll find something else if there isn't what I will say. So work. Usually there is no clock in this vicinity. Which means what do I do with the time we developed a local optima rule. And the local optima rule in this case is called what it's called efficiencies. It is cast into the measurement system. If workers are working less than 90% Very bad, has to work close to 100%. We have created a local optimum rule that by the way, penetrate into the measurement as a matter of fact, it penetrated into the fabric of the company. It's now a mode of operation, no matter if it's written or not. For example, if a top manager goes on the floor, we all know there is a wave of activity ahead of him. Everyone rang to look pitch

Unknown Speaker  34:58  
this is a local optimum.

Speaker 1  35:00  
We know that these local optima is wrong because even when we are looking on something that we had for a long time, something like an assembly line or transfer line. If there is a clock downstream, we will not consider a worker to be efficient if he continues to produce in spirit on the floor.

Unknown Speaker  35:24  
That imagine lines that work in this way that will be a total chaos.

Unknown Speaker  35:32  
Problem is how many

Speaker 1  35:36  
other local optima rules exist because you see these local optima rules are not bad. These local optima rules are by far better than random decisions. For example, to tell the worker if I don't have the data to tell the worker to work will an average bring much better result to the company than to tell the worker not to work. Try to imagine that we tell all the workers not to work all the time, bankruptcy is guaranteed. The local optima rule is not stupid. The local optima rule is the best we could have done under scenario where we don't have all the data and this best is by far better than random decisions. Unfortunately, it's still by far worse than holistic decisions. What do I mean by holistic decisions? If we do have all the data? Let's look a little bit on more examples. So that we understand that what you have read in the goal about Deficiency Syndrome and so on is one tiny example. Why do I claim it? Remember, this problem of making decisions without all the relevant data is not specific to the shop floor? It is correct for any manager in every function in any level. So everywhere we should find these local optima rules why? Because people are smart and people have developed rules which helping them to do the best under the environment rules which are by far better than random decisions. So let's go and see some more examples when we talk Deficiency Syndrome. Now let's talk about something else something that belongs to marketing

Unknown Speaker  37:26  
sales. And the question is the following.

Speaker 1  37:31  
I have a product you want my client, you're coming to me and say, Fine, I'll pay you $100 for this product. My question is, should they accept your offer or not? In other words, this decision of accepting your offer will it increase my bottom line or decrease it how do I know? Actually what I have to do is to look on all other offers from all the market from all our products to see what load do they give on my resources? And if I cannot fit them all at the time required then I have to make a decision. Whether or not accepting your offer or not is going to give

Unknown Speaker  38:09  
a plus or a minus on my bottom line.

Speaker 1  38:13  
Do I have all the data of what is all the orders at this time? All the options? What is interactions that they have on all my resources? Do I have this data? No. So what do I do? I have to find a local optimal something that even though it will not be always right sometimes it will be even very wrong. On average it will be much better than random and I can make a decision locally in other words without looking on the other products without looking on all the resources but immediate to be able to do the decision. This is not a triviality to get such a local optimal thing God as we're geniuses at the beginning of the century that have invented it and they invented what the Phantom this notion of product cost. Actually there is no product cost. There is no products that takes money into his pocket. product cost those costs of a whole operation. There is no cost of a product, product cost is a mathematical invention. That what have we done? We took the direct material that goes into the product. Then we took some way to allocate almost arbitrary all the other costs based on direct labor and by the way, read the original articles of the people who invented cost accounting, and they repeatedly say this is an approximation, actually now between react proximation It's bad. The only things that we recommend it is because if you don't do it, you are in even even a worse situation. That's all and they're putting all the warnings in the world about it. Now what you do after all these allocations, you're getting something called product cost. Now, when you're coming in offering $100 for the product, I have to look on the product cost if it's pre calculated, and if what you offer is high enough relative to the product cost they will say yes, if it's low, I will say no. This is by far better than random decision by far better. But it is still very very bad relative to what we can do. If we do consider all the data, if we do consider the holistic.

Unknown Speaker  40:32  
This is a local optima rule.

Unknown Speaker  40:33  
Now how many ERP companies

Speaker 1  40:37  
you know that when they come and offer you the ERP insist at the same time to change the concept of product costs, because otherwise you will not get

Speaker 1  40:47  
the benefits? How many? Nobody?

Speaker 1  40:54  
This is not enough. Let's go to show another example this time from distribution. Almost any commercially available ERP module of distribution today follows min max replenishment level. This is once again, not stupidity, it's something brilliant. This is once again a local optima rule. Let me show you what is a problem. Suppose that I am in a warehouse. We have sold today three items of a particular product. Why don't I immediately asked my vendor to replenish three items

Unknown Speaker  41:29  
because

Speaker 1  41:33  
because it might be that he has to sell these three items in a track. Three items is maybe 1/10 of a track. Then if I will really require immediate replenishment. The price for replenishment will be so high that both me and my vendor are bankrupt. So how how should they treat it? As a matter of fact, what I should have known is the following. I should know and I do know that there is no rule anywhere that prevents me from putting in the same truck 10 different products. Do I know what is all my requirements? Whatever I've sold today for my warehouse that is supplied by the same supplier and the answer is yes, this is local data as you can get it. What I don't know is how many of these products are ready to be shipped at the vendor. Which means if you're telling give me all of that immediately how many Kenny really load on the truck. It might be that there's only one and once again I'm just stuck in the same problem of him empty tracks going back and forth. That's why we have invented the local optima. What do we mean by local optima? How to trigger when the vendor has to ship to me based on one product not looking on the others. And what we say is the following. Let's define some minimum level. Once we are below this minimum level will trigger an order up to the max level. Now it's a big order big enough to fill up a truck. Is it understood that's a local optima rule. That works much better than random steal if we do have the older data and today we do have it. This rule today is the one that is recognized as the ones that got more than doubled the inventories in the distribution is a rule that cause all these huge need of cross shipments between warehouses and is number one reason for the shortages. Again, the local optima rule is very good and at the same time devastating. Let me show you another example. This time not from production or marketing or distribution but from engineering. Almost all engineering, product engineering and many, many other things are actually projects. In projects. We know what it's very hard to meet the project deadline within the budget and within the full content. Every project manager knows it. Every project manager in the world today has a problem suppose that a particular task is not finished on time. What will be the impact on the project? He doesn't know for that he has to consider all the data of all the other tasks not just a nice project but all the other projects that are done by the same people and then to find out what is really impact can you do it today? Without all the data No way. And because of it every project manager everywhere in the world obeys the same local optima rule. Trying to complete every project task on time. And because of it one task is not on time immediately. We are putting enormous pressure to try to do it on time. As I'm going to show you these local optima rule is number one reason why we do not finish the projects on time.

Unknown Speaker  45:02  
Look is what is our situation.

Speaker 1  45:06  
Right now when we are coming to answer rule number three. Question number three which is what are the rules that are protected us? We have a huge problem. We know that these local optima rules are everywhere. How are we going to find them all? Especially when now the connection between the limitation and the rule is already fading in the history we don't even realize that this rule is because of this problem.

Unknown Speaker  45:35  
And once we're doing that

Speaker 1  45:39  
we have a huge oops here. Do you understand that oops is how we're going to find all this rules. But even when we find the rules, what are the new rules now? Now that we do have all the data what are the rules that we should conduct ourselves in coding? For example, looking at efficiency, the efficiency is wrong as a measurement.

Unknown Speaker  46:01  
What should we replace it with?

Speaker 1  46:03  
product cost is wrong as a measurement. What should we replace it with? We cannot leave the vacuum

Unknown Speaker  46:11  
so we have a double ups

