Speaker 1  0:04  
What I would like to do next is to go into the detailed description of the process of how do we get consensus at the top and how do we spread it then into the company. So we get a smooth holistic approach implementation without resistance without people fighting it, but the exact opposite. Of course, it is heavily based on the Socratic approach. But what I will have to do first is to explain to you what are the real obstacles preventing a consensus and contrary to the common belief, the real obstacles

Unknown Speaker  0:50  
are not bad things in people.

Unknown Speaker  0:53  
But amazingly it's a good thing some people

Speaker 1  0:57  
this good virtues are the one that blocks a consensus. And that's why it took me so long to find exactly each one of them because I was barking up the wrong tree is looking for a a interests which are conflicting with the goal of the company in top management, and politics, and nastiness and so on. And I've wasted so much time just to prove to myself that even though everybody believes in it, it still doesn't exist. It's almost obstacles, and it took even more time to find out not as there are obstacles, of course, are obstacles because otherwise it would have been so easy to reach such a consensus and we know how rare is such a consensus. But it turns out that all the obstacles standing in the way of reaching consensus of the good virtues in people. And then it took a bit longer to find how to rectify it, how to overcome this obstacles. And then how do you build a process which is systematic, repeatable, even though we're dealing with vastly different companies. And the process which is so solid that the success rate of success is well over 90%. Just to remind you, statistics shows that all other management approaches rate of success is less than 10%. So 90% is almost out of the room.

Speaker 1  2:25  
If we look at history, I don't know that we can show many cases where there was true consensus among the group of people managing a company real true consensus. So at first sight, it looks like this mission is impossible. Hopefully, I will convince you that it is possible because otherwise alternatives are to start to do pilots to start to do it through one function and then to go to another function. This things do work. But the chance of running into brick walls is very high, extremely high. So please bear with me, when I will discuss what are the real barriers that prevent consensus? I think so there are four major barriers and all of them are coming from the good things in people not the bad things in people.

Unknown Speaker  3:27  
One of the barriers which is

Unknown Speaker  3:32  
happening

Speaker 1  3:34  
in very good companies is the dominant impatient visionary there no such a person. If not look at me again. Not every company has this person. But the government is a do have a taste of the companies. That are really moving forward. As a matter of fact, I don't know about any startup company which does not have this dominant, impatient visionary. At the same time, we know that even though this person is the engine of the company, usually is very high if not the owner of the company. We know one of the unpleasant characteristics of a of this person and this is why we call it impatient is coming with an idea with a direction or whatever you start to explain explains it you start to say yes, but after about two minutes is starting to chew you up. Not exactly pleasantly this person will have a spin of tension of attention of about two minutes to listen to you and then start to attack. Especially if you don't agree with him. This person even though it is so important for the progress of the company. At the same time this person is poisoned for consensus, real poison, he doesn't let anybody reach his own conclusions, debating it and so on. Is cutting through and he's starting to pull his weight. And many times it's not just his weight, it's charisma. And by that he kills any real challenge to get consensus. What do you do is it

Unknown Speaker  5:18  
to get rid of him? God forbid

Speaker 1  5:22  
How can you deal with this dominant impatient and visionary in such a way that he helps to get the consensus rather than kill it or not allowing it even the process to start? Well, first of all, let's understand something Do you agree with me that this person is smart? Of course, he's very smart. Do you think that this person is not aware of the fact that his biggest stumbling block in moving his own company is the fact that he's impatient? He really believes it he doesn't believe doesn't know it, and know it very well. Nevertheless, it looks like he cannot control himself. How come well,

Unknown Speaker  6:16  
what is happening is that

Speaker 1  6:21  
this impatience is probably embedded. And non separate part of the fact that this person have the stamina to shoot for a very high vision. They're coming together. In what way? You see at the bottom of any subject, as we said, over and over again in this problem at the bottom of any subject, there is a core problem.

Unknown Speaker  6:47  
The core problem means a conflict

Speaker 1  6:51  
this person in order to have the stamina to really follow his vision of unconsciously conditioned himself to look just on one side of the core conflict is blind to the other side. Because if he will look on the other side, his stamina to push for his vision will go down. They will not have enough enough ability to do it. So unconsciously even he has blinded himself from the other side of the conflict. The other side that tells you don't do it. Whenever he is explaining and whenever you are trying to say your opinion, you will find out it is very patient as long as you are talking about his side. The minute that you start to talk about the other side, that's where the impatient is triggered, and this nice pussycat becomes a tiger. That's what always happens. locally to the season. That's the case always.

Unknown Speaker  7:51  
What do you do about it?

Speaker 1  7:53  
Well, what I found out is that there is a way to channel this phenomenal vision of the person and phenomenal ability into the directions that helps consensus and the ways the following. You're taking one subject after another very important subject and you analyze it and you show the core conflict at the bottom.

Unknown Speaker  8:20  
The real conflict at the bottom

Speaker 1  8:23  
and then show both sides. And then you show that you're not going due to the conflict to lowers expectations, or to lower the vision, you're not going to do any compromises. What you're going to do is to find the wrong assumption. And then once the wrong assumption is identified, the conflict is removed, and now you're shooting even higher than before. And then you show him one thing, which is amazing. This is this person have intuition, which is so developed, that the side of the cloud, the side of the conference that he ignores that's the side that contains the wrong assumption. This is a level of his intuition. What you show him is, the idea is let's look on the other side not in order to lower the objective. But in order to find the wrong assumption which is there as long as you will not look on the other side. You will not find this wrong assumption. And the minute that we identify the wrong assumption. Look what's happening. Everybody is behind you. That's the way to get everybody behind you and you solve your biggest problem. If you do it on 1234 important subjects. It turns out that it's enough for this bright people to understand the pattern. And the pattern is let's look on the other side. Not any more. I'm not afraid anymore, that by looking on the other side, I will reduce objective. I will lose my stamina. I'm looking on the other side only for one purpose to find the wrong assumption. And then I can bring all this

Unknown Speaker  9:56  
turtles Wismec

Speaker 1  10:01  
it's working beautifully. But you see that's not the only objective the obstacles and blocks are consensus. There is a much more common obstacle which I don't know about almost any company that does not have at least one or two people at the top management's which belong to that category. And this is the conservative. You know, this conservative, usually people with enormous amount of experience, very well respected, but somehow any suggestion of what to improve, they immediately find out find ways to prove to you that it should not be done

Unknown Speaker  10:37  
is as if they're going out of their way to

Unknown Speaker  10:40  
maintain the status quo. Do you know these people

Speaker 1  10:46  
what to do with them because remember what we are trying to do is not just to get a consensus, but the consensus on a member change. As long as these people are in the crowd, and they're always in a management crowd. Do you think that you have a chance of reaching a true consensus on something which is beyond the expectation of anyone in the group? Almost anyone in the group?

Unknown Speaker  11:12  
Once again, what do you do here? And again?

Speaker 1  11:16  
Do you think that this conservative people are stupid? That definitely not. Do you think that they don't know reality? They don't know the situation of the company? Of course, they know very well as a matter of fact. And now if you talk to them and you ask them, What do you think? Do you think that if the company will not embark on the process of ongoing improvement, will it survive in the future? What do you think? They will answer will be they strongly believe that if we don't improve, we are going to be out of business. So how come these people with so much experience that are really convinced that we must improve, block any suggestion for improvement? What are they imbeciles? How come that this is happening? And the answer is the following. Looks. This conservative people have this gift of seeing both sides of the conflict very clearly. As a matter of fact, when you Sousa analysis causing a cluster sees a core problem of their own company, they will tell you, we know it before, we've just we've said it more than once and they really believe in it and it's really correct. They've seen both sides of the conflict that keenly aware of both sides of the conflict, but to see what's happening, most suggestions for improvement that they've seen in their experience, the vast majority

Unknown Speaker  12:43  
are not

Speaker 1  12:46  
solutions or improvements that remove the conflict. There are solutions or suggestions of movement on the conflict arrow. Do you want to see an example of movement on the conflict era we've talked about it centralization, decentralization centralization each time it was presented as the things that will save the company, all these huge reorganization. h1 They were opposing it. Why? They've already learned from the experience that whenever a solution is presented, which is moving on the conflict arrow and remember they do see both sides they know that the only things that will happen is substituting one set of undesirable effect with another set of undesirable effect. And if that's what you want to do better not to do anything. Thank you. We've

Unknown Speaker  13:42  
done it before.

Speaker 1  13:43  
We've been there. Why should we try it again?

Unknown Speaker  13:49  
How do you cause them to move?

Speaker 1  13:53  
You see, same way. Let's take the same subjects. Let's show on each important subject what is a core problem? What is a conflict? At this stage? They will not be surprised they know it already. But then what you do is you show them that you don't have any intention whatsoever to move on the conflict arrow more than that you are showing that any movement on the conflict arrow should be blocked because it will be just substituting one set of undesirable effect with another Thank you very much. Instead, you are highlighting what is the wrong assumption. And now you don't say I have a solution. You say I have a direction of a solution. That's now the direction of the solution based on the fact that now I know that this is this assumption is wrong. But now you start the next step. How do you create the full solution? According to theory of constraints, a way to create the full solution is called the future reality tree and the weapons that you're using is remember you're talking about the future things that are not existing now, the things that you're using is a remarkable ability of people to say yes, but do you know the Yes, but usually very small yes big but and rather than attacking them the things that is engraved in the field theory of concern process is there isn't Yes, but that doesn't contain a gift with it. What is the meaning of Yes, but yes, I understand your solution. Yes, it will remove the conflict but it will create another thing and the whole idea is that when you see you hear yes, but you don't attack but you are helping as much as you can until C gives you the tools for it to meticulously write the cause and effect of the bat of why the solution will lead to some negative outcome. You're going out of your way to do it. Because let's face it, many times when the person is saying yes, but what comes after the bat is idiotic. This does not mean that he doesn't have a point because what you do is when you are showing him the cause and effect much more verbalized clearly of what he said. He said, That's not what I mean. Then Then he will tell you what really bothered him. So maybe it takes two three iteration with this person, but then it's real. And then what you have to do is just control yourself for about 10 seconds. Shut up.

Unknown Speaker  16:33  
Because if you are in that

Speaker 1  16:34  
stage, closing your mouth for 10 seconds, the same person that came with a bat. Once you verbalize very clearly what really bothers him. He's the same person that has intuition to come with a solution. He will augment your solution with what else has to be done so that the bat will not be there. And if you follow this process rigorously, that's how you get the full solution. And usually, with each as bad the solution becomes simpler and more powerful. And once you've gone through this process and you realize to what extent Yes, but I'm not killing your solution, as long as your solution was based on not on a compromise, but on identifying the wrong assumption. The more you see that he has bias is intensifying your solution. And simplifying it the more you get patients to solicit Yes, but and to augment it until when you continue

Unknown Speaker  17:31  
until you cannot get any more yes but

Speaker 1  17:35  
by the way, turns out that even though when you start to think that trillionaires bots exist out there, we'll find out that it's about six and then when you show it to find out these people don't have a problem. When you show this process on one subject after another to this conservative person he realized that you are more paranoid than he is.

Unknown Speaker  18:02  
Remember, paranoia is very good.

Unknown Speaker  18:05  
First of all of management is be paranoid.

Speaker 1  18:09  
Second rule of management is be paranoid. And the third rule of management is don't be sterile. some level of risk you still have to carry, but not for heaven's sake risk for the sake of risk. The minute that he sees a rigorousness of this process, and you have to show it in more than one subject. This conservative person becomes a Watchguard of the process, the biggest supporter and because of it, what we've realized is something amazing. In most cases, the biggest supporter of holding the consensus and all the change is the CFO,

Unknown Speaker  18:46  
the Chief Financial Officer,

Speaker 1  18:49  
shooting for such a thing, including killing all of cost accounting and so on. Change because measurements, and he's the biggest champion. This is how you overcome that and by the way, have you noticed it's the same process that we need for the dominant impatient visionary, we need for the conservative for the Conservatives the same topics the same process is hoping in both but these are not the only obstacles there is another two obstacles. Other two obstacles, which are written here under the same name, extrapolating from the past. The problem is is a two different extrapolation of the from the past each one of them can kill the consensus. One is extra extrapolating from the past experience, about what should we do in the future? extrapolation from the past is not something negative. It's something positive. If we don't extrapolate from the past, we are starting all the time from clean slate. What is a chocolate we'll do anything sensible, zero. Experience people is the people that that extrapolate from the past. Okay? Otherwise you don't have any intuition and anything about the subject extrapolating for the past is good. What is my profound problem here, when we are coming to build the change, to build a new strategy based on these new rules to really take the power of the holistic approach? These people extrapolate from the past also, the past contains what expense contains what the old rules and if you extrapolate from the old rules, what you get is you get the same strategy may be verbalized in slightly different words, that's all and nothing happens. So the question starts to be, how can we make them extrapolate from the past experience building everything on the past experience, except for the old rules? How do we take them out? Well

Unknown Speaker  21:01  
we know how to do it.

Speaker 1  21:04  
And I knew how to do it a long time ago, even though it was formalized. And let me refer again, to my novels. Okay, we'll talk about the book The goal of you'll read it and you'll notice what I'm doing in the goal. I'm leaning heavily on people experience from the past, otherwise, we wouldn't have call it common sense. At the same time, what am I doing? I am taking first of all the current reality I'm analyzing it and showing where the conflict is. Everything is based on their past experience. Then I'm finding what's the wrong assumption. I'm taking it out. I've removed the conflict from the past experience. So what is happening now? The old picture about your past became more homogeneous things makes much more sense than before. Not that we have abandoned the past, not that we have erased the experience, but the exact opposite. We took out the one thing that caused our experience to be inconsistent. And we are reshaping by that the past experience making it much more coherent and much more palatable. And that's why people love it so much. So what we have to do is to go subject by subject on all the important subjects of the company to do the same process of let's do the analysis. Let's find out what the conflict let's remove the conflicts that reshape the experience. Because the minute that we do that, and experience becomes more contained more whole, they will extrapolate from that, which means we are extrapolating from all the experience without the old rules. If you notice something amazing. It's exactly the same things that we have to do for these two things. Is the ability to reshape the past in order to make it much more palatable, much more coherent, much more telling and taking out the old rules. So now we will extrapolate from the new rules rather than the old rules. The other thing here, about extrapolating from the past is extrapolating from the past. People also extrapolate their opinion of each other of whether or not he will collaborate and whether or not when he says yes, does he really mean Yes, and I can rely on it, and all of it is in the air. And extrapolating from the past in most companies is not exactly positive here. Yes, it is positive in the sense that we must extrapolate from the past, but what is extrapolated not exactly flattering. Am I right? Unfortunately, what you have to do then is you have to make sure that this change in perception, in what was the past in the attitude toward that will be done not one on one, but as a group that each one will see how all the others are going through the change while he is going or she is going through the change. Which means all this process that we've described before to overcome all the obstacles that we said before, have to be done not as one on one, but in the group. Unfortunately, this excludes book out because we have lost the art of reading and analyzing a book in a group. This art was killed about 100 years ago, but instead, we invented the art of watching a movie

Unknown Speaker  24:39  
or a CD. And that's what we have to do.

Speaker 1  24:44  
When I've realized that this is the only way excuse me, I don't know if it's the only way but this way we work with very high probability understood that what is required now is the following. I have to go back on each subject in the company and even subjects that are covered, I have to do it again. Because for example, the way that the goal is written is totally inappropriate for this process. Why? Because the goal has not showed explicitly. The current trend did not show explicitly the cloud he did not show explicitly the undesirable effect. It did not show explicitly how you develop the solution from a direction all of it was not shown explicitly it was covered with so much chocolate coating of the novel so I have to go and do it again. This time showing exactly the explicit method in which it's done. Because what we want is we want as these people will be exposed to this method in order for them to understand what is done so that they will change the way that they behave. Part of the waste will be a very small part, the ones that they want to change the ones that helps them to change. On the other hand, if I'm talking about these subjects, how many subjects that exist, and each one of them how much time should they devote? Because you see if I devote less than an hour, so serious enough, if I devote more than three hours top management don't have time. So I'm in this straitjacket of about two to three hours and I have to cover each one of this subject so much deep, and at the same time. We showing the entire process totally explicit. And there is another thing I have to repeat the same thing again again, in what sense, the process itself of First of all, you analyze what is a core problem. And at that stage that you analyze the core problem, you don't dare to think about solution. Because if you will think about the solution, why you are analyzing for the core problem. You will distort reality to fit the solutions that you have in your mind. And you are not saying that you will distort it, I call it it's what you will get is how my wife is doing a puzzle with scissors. It goes in the time that you do the analysis to find the core problem. You are not allowed to think at all in at the time that you are building the solution. You are not allowed to think at all about how are you going to implement it because any thinking about how we're going to implement it will distort the solution. In other words, the first step is to get the full analysis of what is the core problem the second step is to get the solution. And the third step is to get out to cause a change how to implement it. And when you're dealing with one step you're not allowed to think about the others. I have to repeat it again and again and again in each subject so that when we are coming to the last step, which is let's do it now in our company, this separation between when we deal with what is the problem we are not thinking about the solution, but in so on will be etched in people's mind. Otherwise I will get confusion. I will get delusion and I will get the fact that we cannot conduct even a real good conversation. Frankly, I was afraid that this is Mission Impossible to create such material once I've tried everything else, including sacrificing some molecules Yes.

Speaker 1  28:36  
What I've done is I've announced something called a satellite program. I've sold it to 11,000 people. Now I had to deliver and as a result we do have the material now I want to go over it. Because this is now the base for how do you prepare the group for the stage where we can start to talk about a consensus about daring strategy backed up the detail tactic converted to a full implementation plan. We have to prepare them to be able to reach consensus on that okay. So we are talking now on the preparation one person slide stage, and here's the materials that we have to use. Remember what we have to do to cover each subject to show explicitly the whole process. So that it becomes second nature and so that the impatient visionary will have patience and the conservative will not try to block us and the people will extrapolate not from the old rules but from the new rules and so on. The first subject is the one that most people are expecting from TOC, and that's production or as they call it operation. Right I call it operational production, because there are many, many environment that are production, but people don't call them production. And we have to cover them as well. For example, the paperwork in a company. This is production. I'm talking about all the paperwork that goes between you and your client. It is production, but we don't call it production. It's the same solution applies a drummer for all buffer management exactly the same thing. Likewise, there are many service environments which don't call themselves production, but they are production. Like for example, a all the way that you an insurance company is handling giving the leads and to the life insurance agents and then they conducting them it's production. So I call it operation in order to make sure that we're covering the whole base. This is about two and a half hours. The idea is that here not like in the other items, the whole process is totally explicit you sees the contract the tree with all the arrows these diagrams with because of that, if that then that if that and that then that and you see the whole the whole process and then you see the core problem. Proven and then you see the wrong assumption proven and so on so forth, the whole thing. Second one is involving a topic which is not less important. And this is financing measurement. I'm not talking about how to get financing from the bank. I'm talking about the finance and the measurements everything that connect to decisions of managers in these are many topics and I have to cover them all. So the same explicit things to start with undesirable effects to find out the core problem so on and these topics contains for example, how do we don't just investment justification buying new equipment. Today, it's based on cost accounting, It's craziness. So we are going through the mumbo jumbo of justifying purchasing the machine based on cost reductions. Nobody believed in it to the extent that after we bought the machine, nobody is accountable to show that the cost went down to that extent, or how do you replace the product cost? If the product cost is wrong, what do you do instead? Because it's very important for us in terms of making decisions of what prices should we demand which products should be developed and so on. Or the problem of how do we today evaluate inventories for the IRS? And unfortunately, we're using the same thing internally. And look what is happening. You are the head of a division. You are getting an instruction reduce inventory, you reduced finish goods inventory to one half and you've done an excellent job. So that when you reduce it, you didn't jeopardize Customer Service who have improved it. You are a hero. Now you are not you will be penalized. Why? Because the reduction of the inventory that we have done will be translated but our by our California measurements that you have lost money, you have lost the overhead absorption in the inventory, something totally crazy. Now we have to straighten it up. Otherwise we punish people for doing exactly what we want them to do. These are the topics that have dealt with all of them in one thing, because all of them are stemming from the same thing and how do you solve all of them? This is this topic. This is unbelievably Central, not for the financial people. Of course it's also for the financial people, but for all management because what I'm talking about here is actions and decisions taken by management due to these measurements and due to these financial considerations, or subcontracting. How many times have you seen this craziness of subcontracting? It cost us to produce $10 We can buy from a subcontractor for $8 Let's do it and then you're bankrupt. Why? Because they can douse it cost you was cost accounting artificial number and then you're bankrupt. So how to do it right. How do you do subcontracting right decisions about it? This is a second one. Once again, talking about major topics if you notice, remember why must talk about major topics, because my intention is what? To change this behavior of this impatient visionary to become patient. I cannot use small subjects I have to use huge subject which is interested in when I'm talking about reshaping the past I have to reshape the past on all these very important topics. Otherwise, when I'm coming to the to the strategy of the company itself, they will extrapolate from the old rules.

Unknown Speaker  34:48  
The third topic

Unknown Speaker  34:51  
is project management and engineering.

Speaker 1  34:55  
By the way, I call it differently because yes, engineering is definitely based on project management. As a matter of fact, all of engineering usually is multi project management, and others multi projects than Michelle resources. But these are not the only projects that we have in the company. We have many other projects that has nothing to do with engineering. We have projects in marketing. We have projects in building a new plant. We have projects in putting a new system we have projects in initiatives of 16 Sigma, these are all projects, all of them have to be handled correctly. Otherwise, you know how much from the raishin happens in the projects? This is all covered once again through the explicit mechanism of what is exactly the tree what is the cause and effect what is the cloud and so on so forth, very explicit, no chocolate coating, coating him. Number four is distribution. And this completes the chain, the logistical chain and because of it as part of this division at the end, all the measurements of that we need for synchronization. The measurements that we are talking about in terms of the dollardays Remember what we talked about the exact mechanism of how to do it is explained here. Then we are going to the real meat in number five is marketing. And number six is sales. Why do I say it's a real myth? Because unfortunately, in most companies, there is no market

Unknown Speaker  36:33  
and if there is marketing, it's nothing but sales.

Speaker 1  36:38  
We have done such a lousy job that in most companies the difference between marketing and sales is not understood. Marketing is bring the market to desire your product or service. Sales is close a deal. Totally different things. In order to illustrate it much more. I will use the analogy that I'm using here in this tapes. Marketing is spread the call for the ducks to come and sit preferably with glue on their foot. Sales is take a gun and shoot a sitting back. By the way, not so easy. Have you ever tried to shoot a duck from 100 yards and you have only one shot because if the bullet goes here, no matter how much glue he has is flank. Marketing means how do you construct the unreviewable offer for your company

Unknown Speaker  37:41  
for your products.

Speaker 1  37:44  
And by the way is a process at this stage is very obvious why we repeat the same process but we don't do the analysis on our company. We do the analysis on the market finding its undesirable effects and not saying that's enough. We have done the market survey, market surveys findings undesirable effects of your market. This is just the beginning. Now what we have to do is to do all the cause and effect until we reach a core problem of the market. The market doesn't know about it. Then what you have to do is to find what is the wrong assumption that creates this, this conflict and now what you have to do is to take your product to break the cloud to break the wrong assumption. That's what creates an unreal fusible offer. Because it gives enormous value. It's always possible even in commodities, even in pure commodities, it's possible. We've done it more than once or 1000s of solutions by now. Done by this technique. This is a marketing. Marketing is not enough we have to sell even the best and refusal offer you must sell because it doesn't sell itself when the offer looks really good it doesn't sell it does just raise suspicion. Wait a minute since when you are so altruistic Where is a snake? How am I going to get the dagger in my back? So we have to teach his salespeople some things that they have to know anyhow which is the buying process. Which is an elevation above the spin technique much more back here since the offer is so good, then it becomes essential because otherwise it will just raise suspicion. It offers too good. Looks like too good. The other thing is that it's not just for the salespeople. Every manager is a salesman internally, you have to sell your ideas. You have to sell your ideas to your bosses, to your peers, to your people, how they do it. What is the buying process? How do you go systematically about it? And this is what is covered here. You understand how big is each topic here? The seven swan is a topic that I could have covered in only two and a half hours just because I'm standing on the shoulders of giants. And I'm talking about managing people here. Most of the work was done already was done by the seven habits when The Fifth Discipline when these people wrote these books. You see 20 years ago, when I've talked with top management, I had a huge problem to convince them that delegation is good. That empowerment is good because their reaction was what to delegate then I'm losing my own power. That's was the culture 20 years ago. Today, you will not find a trace on it. Every manager knows that he must empower his people he must delegate and so on. So the major amount of work of the cultural change that I needed he was done. So what I'm dealing here with just two topics that somehow they forgot to deal with at all. One is the fact that the major stumbling block the major stumbling block in empowerment is mismatches between responsibility and authority. What I mean by that is the following. Suppose that you have the full responsibility of something fine, but then when you come to take the actions to carry it out, you find out that there are two actions which are a must for it, that you don't have the authority to take. How do you feel now empowered, the opposite. Turns out that in a conventional organization, per each person, that about seven mismatches between his ease authority and responsibility. It's a miracle that we are functioning at all which tells you by the way, to what extent people are willing to take risks to do what is right. To that extent. So, that technically is fine. How do you identify these mismatches on the fly? And how do you rectify them on the fly without creating grievance mismatches for you, for your peers or for your people? How do you correct it as you go? The other topic there, which turns out to be huge. And once again, nobody's talking about it is the fact that we as managers, we don't know how to give instructions. We do not know how to give instructions. Even when we give detailed instructions, even when we write them down, look what's written, what's written is what to do and how to do each action what do you have to do and what and how to do it and then you have to do that and exactly how to do it. And so this is when we've done a perfect job. If you notice something within wrote any of the why should you do it in this way? Maximum we wrote the why for the entire process, but not for each action. And that's three different ways for each action. For example, why do you have to do the action in the first place? Second thing is Why do you claim that doing the action will satisfy the need and so on. This was not written anywhere. And because of it persons that looks on it interpreted differently, and of course, it kills the process. Then we start on the job training, which means now we tell him the Why thank you very much. Why didn't you tell him before all of it? Because if we don't do it, God forbid, that we are using using the usual tendency, and we detail the instructions even more. Don't you realize that the more we detail the instruction, the less delegation, the less empowerment. So the question starts to be how do we structurally give the process with all the whys so that people can immediately do it right or finding out where we are wrong? Okay, this is here, and that's very important because as the company goes on this process of ongoing improvement and move faster and faster and faster, this can block the thing. This can slow down the movement, not the intentions but the fact that we don't give the correct things instructions. More than that. If we have the plan at the top, and we deliver it down without all the whys will be blocked on the spot. We have to give all the whys for each action. Each considerations that we are doing, if we want to buy into filter down and down and down. That's why it's so important. This one is probably the most important one this is strategy and tactic. And this is based on everything that was done before and showing that if we have done all the things before and now we believe in each one of them. This means a total different ability to reach real winning strategies backed up by proven tactic. The door is open to something amazing. And how do you go about it and how do you go about constructing it and so on. This is very important. Because this sets the stage to what we're going to do later. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  45:05  
Now that we've done that,

Speaker 1  45:10  
we are ready to take the next step. And the next step is let's build the strategy and tactic with all the management they're ready for it we can reach consensus. So the process to get the strategy in the tactic has to be from one hand side based on group dynamics because otherwise you cannot get a consensus on the whole but at the same time, it has to be based on a lot of individual work. Otherwise you will not get the buy in of each individual in his section to the extent that he will believe that it's his baby. So the whole process of the second four is build on a very delicate dance between the group dynamic and individuals. You have to have a very good facilitator to conduct it. Let me describe in detail the first day and that will give you the enough of an understanding of how the process goes and how accurate it is. The process starts where the facilitator ask each one of the top management which is in the room it's usually something a group like 15 people

Unknown Speaker  46:23  
and it's all the top management of the company no matter how big it is.

Speaker 1  46:27  
Each one of them to write what an undesirable effect and he has to stress it at least three times that only one is allowed because these people if you just allow them will give you a whole copybook of undesirable effects. They have to choose only one and because of it it takes them some time. But the instructions in our there's this undesirable effect that you as a manager choose must be from an area which is under your authority. You are not allowed to put an undesirable effect which is an area outside your authority because otherwise everybody will blame immediately the president or the government and so on. The second thing is that it must be expressed without any finger pointing. For example, you are not allowed to write my vendors are not reliable. Instead, you can write purchase parts are not always available when needed. Have you noticed that there was a difference between these two verbalizations the first one you've already condemned and you already know whom to blame and you already know what to do. Second thing is the same thing. But everything's still open.

Unknown Speaker  47:42  
You allow them time

Unknown Speaker  47:45  
and you have to stress another thing, which is

Speaker 1  47:49  
you don't have to pick the most important undesirable effect. What you have to pick is the undesirable effect that buzzes you personally the most. Why is it so important? Because otherwise, you pick one from your under your responsibility. And immediately one of your friends start to argue that that's not important, the most important one, but it's not the criteria is not the most important but the one that bothers you the most personally. Now nobody can argue. Everyone wrote one, the facilitator is putting it on the board. Now we have a list of about 15 undesirable effects. There ranging on all aspects of the company. Now what you have to do is the instructor is really showing that each one of these undesirable effects is actually a title to whole Pandora box. We have to reveal what is behind it and to really reveal what is behind it what they have to do is to write about five sentences detailing it and by the way, he gives them the instructions of how to detail it and then he is saying when you are detailing each one of these undesirable effects each one for himself. Don't dare to show it to each other. Don't even dare to do it. And that's very important, because the minute they start to share the stories, the details of the undesirable effect with each other. You know what happens if this is happening? You can close the door and go because these details are full with finger pointing. Unbelievable. If they will just share it. You are getting a fist fight in us probably metaphorical fist fight in Israel, probably a physical fist fight. What you have to do then is showing them to each one the process of how do you convert your story into the cloud into the conflict that created your undesirable effect. There is a very, very easy process. Basically it goes long, answer this question and put it at the upper level of the cloud. Then answer this question and put it here. Then answer this question put it here and so on. Remember, the cloud is a five, five block diagram when they finish to do that, each one of them then each one of them is requested to God to come in front of the whole group and present his conflict the conflict that created that is directly responsible for the existence of his undesirable effect. There's something amazing about the cloud technique, any cloud in any situation. Let me show it to you by picking any cloud for example. Let's take a cloud that nobody has any problem to relate to the distribution cloud. It appeared in your things just to remind you manage well means to reduce costs. Reduce costs means hold less inventory and distribution. At same time manage wealth mean protect sales, and protect sales and distribution means hold more inventory. And that's a typical cloud.

Unknown Speaker  51:10  
Look on this cloud and Tell me

Speaker 1  51:13  
whom is blamed. Who is blamed by this cloud. Which person in the organization is blamed by these conflicts? They will notice something amazing. Nobody is blamed. The conflict is inherent in the fabric of the company in the fabric of the ways that we are doing business. Now in your materials that we've covered, you have many, many clouds. Look on each one of them. That's always the case. The clouds show that the conflict exists not because of a person never because of a person. It's an inherent in the situation. That's all weights the case. That's why if we are giving so much warning of don't show the story, that detail of your undesirable effect, we are forcing each one to come and show the cloud because the cloud does not blame anybody. And then as one by one one after the other is coming and showing the cloud you can see what is happening to the group. You can see how the environment is changing, because people are saying wait a minute. Now I understand. He's doing what he's doing not in order to personally irritate me, but because he is between a rock and a hard place and more than that, his conflict is very similar to mine.

Unknown Speaker  52:33  
The whole environment changes.

Speaker 1  52:36  
Physically changes you can see the error you can see them how people looking at each other. Once this is done, and remember each one of them worked individually so far. Now what you do is you teach them the process of how to deduce from all the clouds, the core cloud, the core conflict is the one that caused them all. This is a very simple procedure. But in order to show to what extent is robust, you're taking these 15 people, you the sexism to three groups, each one of them five people, each one is working on the entire list of all the clouds or all the 15 clouds figuring out what is the one cloud that caused them all. In other words, what is the core problem? This doesn't take more than an hour, and then they're coming back. Each one of them shows the group his group findings and then amazement. It's the same one except for maybe some differences in verbalization. So allow them to discuss it until they will realize it is the same one. And this is very important. Because it shows him to what extent it's not contrived. To what extent it is really one that because this is the core problem of the organization. They found it themselves. What you do now is you bring each one of them separately to the front and he has to explain why as long as this core conflict exists. He's undesirable effect is bound to stay. In other words, why this CO conflict is causing directly is undesirable effect. One the other coming and showing it Why is it so important? Because now everybody realizes that everybody else wants to get rid of the same core problem, even though each one for different reasons. What did we achieve? We achieve consensus on the core problem. Which is essential because if you don't achieve consensus on the core problem, then you move to the solution and then you will get but I have different problems. So I have more important problem. This is gone. This process takes about a day. The important thing is that even if it's finished at about three or four o'clock this afternoon, you stop nobody goes home, the second four is done outside the premises in another town, nobody goes home everybody stays in the same place. Because the real thing starts now in the bar. This is the informal process which is so important because there are many many people who will not speak up really there is a visual in front of the group. Even when you're talking about top management of very large companies. They have to sniff each other because their perception of what the other is doing and why is doing is changed during the day. They want to check each other. It's like dogs sniffing each other while you that's a process that goes on now in the bar, which is essential. The next morning you start by saying Fine. Each one of you tell me do you believe and if so, why? That this is the core problem of the company. Very important that each one will say some small speech, two minutes, three minutes on that because that's the only way that people start to realize it's not lip service. It's really consensus. And of course the second day is devoted to reach a consensus on the solution. The third day is devoted to reach a consensus on the implementation plan. Of how we're going to do it. The force there is a buffer. Now the amazing thing is we have to announce a priori that the first day is a buffer, because otherwise you finish in three days, but they've decided on four days now that wasted four days. But if you are declaring it as a buffer, they feel very good and can go home can go to the company to continue. If you don't put the first day in as a buffer, most probably will leave you badly. You know Murphy, this is the process of the four by four. Let me go and summarize again the second day, the second four second four days is reaching through consensus on the core problem, the solution and the action plan. Very little process of course have a good facilitators do it otherwise you are directly in the brinks.

