Speaker 1  0:03  
The goal came out in January of 1984

Unknown Speaker  0:10  
took certain months to write it.

Speaker 1  0:13  
The goal is actually a condemnation on the way that we are running the shop floor today in most plants in the world, the condemnation almost everything is wrong, the basic measurements, the basic procedures, the basic behavior, almost everything is wrong. You should expect and when people are shown such a thing, and this suggested change is so humongous that people resist change. Who will resist it? The most, of course, the people who are affected the most by the change, which is a production people, well, what is the reaction to the book? The goal every production. Person that read it fell in love with it, praised it to the extent that everybody calls it common sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:01  
Where's the resistance? Where is the resistance?

Speaker 1  1:07  
As a matter of fact, when the goal came out, I got resistance. I got resistance from publishers. I went to about 40 publishers asking them to publish the book, and the reactions that I got from everybody was No. And McGraw Hill, for example, have told me, Dr Golda, you want to write a book about scheduling the shop floor will be delighted to be a publisher. You want to write a novel, maybe we'll look on it, but a novel which is textbook of how to run a plant, forget it. We don't know on which shelf to put it. No way it it will never sell. Until one small publisher, not small anymore, agreed to do it because he fell in love with the book. By the way, his estimation was that he will never sell the first printing, which is 3000 copies. But he loved the book so much, he brought it out. No shop was there to get it? So it started by the word of mouth, this book is now 17 years old. It's still selling, excluding Japan,

Unknown Speaker  2:12  
about 30,000 copies a month.

Speaker 1  2:16  
There isn't such a phenomena, which means, no, it's not resistance to change. So what is it? Because there is something that blocks it. You see,

Unknown Speaker  2:28  
even though almost everybody is in love with this book,

Unknown Speaker  2:32  
and the book is a best seller worldwide,

Unknown Speaker  2:38  
my problem is

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
that only about one to 2% of the companies

Unknown Speaker  2:45  
have implemented it.

Speaker 1  2:48  
I'm having the impression today that the goal is like the Bible. Everybody believes in it, almost nobody's really following it. Why? What prevent people from really doing it. And for a long time, that was my biggest mystery, and that's why, for a long time, I was a little bit rude when people came to me and congratulate me about the book and how they were impressed with it and how beautiful it is and so on. What I've done usually, is to ask them, thank you very much, but you implemented it, and then usually the answer was no, and then asked, why not? And then I've got answers like my boss will never allow me. And then ask Who gave you the book? And the answer was my boss. In other words, what we have to bear in mind is that

Unknown Speaker  3:44  
agreeing on something

Speaker 1  3:47  
and taking action about it is not synonymous, and that's the thing, which is the biggest mystery for me was, for a long time, how come that people agree with something to the extent that they call It common sense to the extent that so many have said that I owe them royalties, because it must be that I was hidden in their plant for six months writing the book.

Unknown Speaker  4:09  
How come that they didn't went and do it,

Speaker 1  4:14  
agreeing with the change and taking actions to implement the change are two separate issues, that's obvious. What prevent taking the action? Well, it took me a long time to figure it out, and once I figured it out, I've talked with my daughter, she's a PhD in psychology, and said, Father, you didn't know about it. It's obvious. Everybody knows about in psychology, and that's where she told me about very famous experiments that was done in the 50s in Harvard University. And it's very famous, not because also the decisiveness of its results, but it is called the one of the two examples of immoral experiments first of all, let's understand what is immoral in psychology. Immoral experiment in psychology is an experiment that brings harm to the people who are tested in the experiment, and that's what happened that one let me describe to you that experiment. It was done over 10 years with enormous amount of groups of people, and the results are very decisive, and it does explain this phenomena. The experiments were the following. They took groups of people, between six and 12 people. They didn't use common people. They've used people with large ego, in other words, all their guinea pigs were PhD students in Harvard. This is large ego people. And they took the group and they showed them two bars, two cards. On one card, there were three bars, very different in height. On the second card, it was only one bar, and they asked this bar, is it equal to the left bar, right bar or the middle bar? You had to be blind in not knowing the answer. Was no doubt. What was the answer? But then they started to ask it in a sequence, and they asked you first, but you are a collaborator. You are collaborating with the people who are doing the experiment. So you said what we've agreed before, which is the wrong answer. Then you, you are also a collaborator. The wrong answer, you the wrong answer. Same wrong answer, you the wrong answer. Now you What do you say? Now, what you believe in, or what everybody else said. 90% of the cases, the person was saying the wrong answer to be to conform with the group. 90% of the cases, and these are big ego people,

Unknown Speaker  7:04  
this is probably what's happening here,

Speaker 1  7:09  
and we know it from our own experience. We don't need Harvard for it. Let's think about it in the following way, a person has a problem, a big problem, and he thinks about it deeply a long time, and then it comes to the conclusion, what I have to do is this and this. But then before he's doing it, he's looking around him, and everybody around him is saying the opposite. How many people do you think have a go district ego, to the extent that they will say, I don't care what the whole world is saying, This is my conclusion. That's what I'm going to do. What percent about? Probably one or 2% that's about the percent of the companies that have implemented the goal.

Unknown Speaker  7:57  
Now the question is,

Unknown Speaker  7:58  
what is the thing

Speaker 1  8:01  
which is so different in TLC, so different that when they look around them, everybody says the opposite, that everybody says opposite of common sense. Yes, we all know that. Mark Twain have said that common sense is not common at all. But is it to that extent? What is the thing that is typifying to see and is so different than the common belief. What is it? Well, I believe that it is coming stemming from the fact that TOC comes from the Health Sciences, where all the other management methods are coming more from the social sciences. You see the ways that we were brought up and we were brought up in the way that the social sciences are thinking all of us, including myself.

Unknown Speaker  8:57  
Maybe the best way to show it is, how are you going

Speaker 1  9:03  
to make a fortune? And the way that I was taught by my parents, my teachers, is the way to make a fortune is a cent plus a cent plus a cent plus a cent plus a cent. That's a way to do it. Rome was not built in one day, slowly, slowly, gradually. Then it builds to something big. That's a way to do it.

Unknown Speaker  9:25  
Have you been brought up the same way? Yes, all of us.

Speaker 1  9:31  
What is a way of science? The hard science? Are they talking about that achievement and improvement is built gradually, small increments, or are they talking about

Unknown Speaker  9:45  
a different way?

Speaker 1  9:47  
And you know, it's enough to look on one of the first scientists that we know about in history

Unknown Speaker  9:53  
to know what is a scientific approach.

Speaker 1  9:57  
And I believe that that person verbalized it in the best way, even though he lived more than 2000 years ago. And he said, If I can find a leverage point in a liver long enough, I can move the Earth. This is not incremental change. This is a huge, fast change. You all know who was the one who said it, zakimidis, one of the first scientists in science, and likewise, in technology, we are not looking for small, tiny, incremental changes. We are looking to find the leverage points that can make a big change. Look, for example, in technology. Look, for example, in computers, I know that if I postpone my decision to buy a computer by six months for the same amount of money I will have I can buy a computer which is not 2% better, but twice as good. We are not expecting this tiny, small, incremental step. We do expect their huge jump with meaningful, huge, significant bottom line. This is probably the clash between TOC and all the other prevailing management systems. One is based on ascent plus ascent plus ascent. That's the way to accumulate a fortune. The other one is saying, if I can find a leverage point, I can move the earth. And maybe in order to translate it more into terminology of management, let me use different phrases. Look on how today we are implementing the correct techniques, the good technique of Six Sigma and lean right from the beginning. What do we say everybody should do it everywhere, and don't expect results in the first year? It will take time. And when you go to these places that implement it without you, see, you will hear the same phrase over and over again in America. This is an American phrase, and what they say is, there are no silver bullets. There are no way to get huge improvement very quickly. It's gradual. There are no silver bullets. What

Unknown Speaker  12:12  
is to see?

Unknown Speaker  12:14  
Look on it.

Speaker 1  12:14  
It's a huge collection of what of silver bullets?

Unknown Speaker  12:21  
What is describing the goal here, the

Unknown Speaker  12:23  
plant in deep trouble.

Speaker 1  12:28  
Three months later, huge benefits.

Unknown Speaker  12:31  
No miracles have happened, except

Speaker 1  12:33  
for one, people have started to use their brains, not to use their brains, follow their brains, because, let's face it, everyone that reads the gold knew whatever's written there before, but it's the first time that it articulated in such a way that now you have the frame to go and do it, if you have the courage. And everyone that have tried succeeded, everyone, as far as I know, this is 1000s of cases. The problem is that that's what we are facing. We are facing a culture around us that does not believe in silver bullets, that condemns silver bullets, that condemns a desire on silver bullets, in spite of the fact that we are living in the technology age, which is constant stream of silver bullets. So we ignore reality and we believe still in this legend, how do we break it?

Unknown Speaker  13:29  
How can we change it? Well,

Speaker 1  13:32  
the same experiments, the Harvard experiment, have also showed the way out there was one ray of light, and that's how they called it, by the way, when described the psychiatrist, described the psychologists have described the experiment, they called it the one ray of light, which was the following, you're saying the wrong answer, you're saying the wrong answer, you're saying the right answer, you're saying the wrong answer, wrong answer comes to You when one of them, even if they are 12, one of them have said the right answer, the chance now is that you will say what you believe in

Unknown Speaker  14:10  
is 75%

Speaker 1  14:13  
that's what that experiment showed. If there is a crack in the conformity, then people dare to do what they believe in rather than just conforming.

Unknown Speaker  14:26  
We need the crack in the conformity.

Speaker 1  14:30  
I believe that we have started to reach the stage where the crack in the conformity at last arrived, and it's arriving from three different directions. That's why I'm so optimistic. One is it's arriving from the large companies. One of the best kept secret secrets is that almost all the fortune five companies have at least one plant or one division already on TOC with the results. And this is companies like Intel or Texas Instrument or IBM or Ford or GM or pract and gamble all of them. And at last, they started to put. And this is a new phenomena. Just from this year, they start to put requests for proposal for TOC implementations. This will crack the the conformity. There is another crack. For a long time, I didn't allow my books to be translated into Japanese, not because I don't like them, the opposite is true, but because my opinion was that they are so much more advanced in production than the US or Europe, and the penetration of cost accounting is so much smaller in Japan, by the way, statistics show that they have 1/7 of the cost accounting. Cost accounting people in the organizations that we have here in the States, 1/7 and they are in love with simple solutions, rather than complicated solutions, sophisticated solution. That's why the penetration of ERP, for example, in Japan, is less than 10% I was afraid that if I will release my material into Japan actively, they will go on it very quickly. They will increase the gap, and by that they will tilt even more the trade balance. If the trade balance will be tilted even more, the gap will become much bigger. I was afraid that the whole economy of the world may go down the drain. Yes, I know that these are maybe megalomania thinking, but I didn't want to have it on my shoulders. So for a long, long time, I refused to allow my books to be translated into Japanese. About two years ago, I came to the conclusion that probably the gap had been closed.

Unknown Speaker  17:13  
Now I'm almost convinced that the gap is closed.

Unknown Speaker  17:17  
So it's about time to give this. Know How?

Unknown Speaker  17:22  
In June of this year,

Unknown Speaker  17:25  
the gold came out in Japanese. In Japan,

Speaker 1  17:31  
they were waiting for it because otherwise, I cannot explain what happened. First three months, 300,000 copies have been sold. The goal is selling now in Japan more than Harry Potter. That's not a joke, that's a fact. And I got an article, translated article from the number one business magazine of Japan two weeks ago about the goal. By the way, the goal appeared on the cover of that magazine, and in this article, there is a box of an interview with the President of Toyota, and he said that he made the goal mandatory, mandatory reading to all his management. The mere fact that he came with this statement is another crack in the conformity. Now it's allowed. The Third Avenue is what I was talking about just before the break, which is the large software and integrated companies are starting to actively move into it and promote it. For example, I was told, I hope that it's correct that IBM is about to release within few weeks, the white paper about Tulsi, which will be a huge endorsement. If these things are coming, we have a major crack in the conformity, and then companies can go on it. This huge barrier is over. What is the barrier that is left? Still enormous.

Unknown Speaker  19:11  
You see the tendency is to start

Unknown Speaker  19:15  
in one place and then to expand and expand it.

Speaker 1  19:20  
Usually TC implementations are starting in production simply because the goal was the first books that I published. Today, more and more companies you see that are starting from engineering because of critical change.

Unknown Speaker  19:34  
What I want to emphasize is we're

Unknown Speaker  19:39  
dealing here with a holistic approach.

Unknown Speaker  19:45  
Ladies and gentlemen,

Speaker 1  19:48  
partial implementation of an holistic approach is an oxymoron. Have you noted? Let's go and look on it a little bit more. Let's look on the holistic approach, realistic approach. The first real reason, and that's the most decisive reason for it, is that it's easier and faster to start with a company as a whole. Contrary to the common intuition, the experience shows that it's much, much easier and much, much faster if you do it as a company as a whole, rather than piece by piece, Silo by silo. But you will not leave me I know it, so let me give you the negatives of doing it partially. Now these negatives are based on a lot of experience. One thing is that improving only one link may cause problems in another,

Unknown Speaker  20:44  
sometimes major problems in

Speaker 1  20:48  
necessary but not sufficient. I'm talking about the most horrendous case, unfortunately, it appears in more than one company, and that's a case where the company has its production facilities and owns its own distribution network. Big distribution network, if that environment you are starting to implement to see in production, production improves dramatically, but the result is increase of inventories in the distribution such a big increase that the cash of the company may be drained totally, and there is no apparent way to stop it. The only way to stop it is to put distribution on to see as well. But why do you have to go through this havoc?

Unknown Speaker  21:41  
Why won't you start with production and distribution

Speaker 1  21:45  
together, the full explanation of this phenomena, the whole logic, and how can you rectify it? Appears in chapter 16 and 17 of necessary but not sufficient. This is the most horrendous case where improvement in one link can cause such problems in the second link that the whole company may collapse. And remember, never, ever run out of cash. You can run out of net profit, not of cash. The second problem is by far more common, and this happened, unfortunately, in my estimation, about 75% of the implementations that started with implementing TLC just in production. So we are talking here about 1000s of plants, and it is improving. Only one link may cause problem for the link that improved. Let me show you how it goes.

Unknown Speaker  22:42  
You are a plant manager.

Unknown Speaker  22:44  
You read the goal.

Unknown Speaker  22:48  
You talked with your people.

Speaker 1  22:50  
You cause them to read the goal. After that, you sat together and said, makes sense. Let's try it.

Unknown Speaker  22:57  
You tried it. You replicated the results.

Speaker 1  23:02  
According to TLC world, this survey of these 88 articles, unsolicited articles, that were published by companies, the average amount of excess capacity that you get is 70% so let's say that you are not so good. You have revealed only 50% excess capacity. Remember, what I'm assuming here is that the market is your constraint. You've improved you that performance to almost 100% you shrink your lead times, but there isn't enough orders. That's why you've generated excess capacities rather than much more sales. There is no enough orders. So what do you do? No experience. So you go to your peer, he's ahead of sales, and you tell him, Listen, fella, all the time you were complaining and bitching and moaning and all over my bags that I don't deliver on time and that my lead times are too long. Now you don't have any reason to complain whatsoever. Will you please increase sales? He tells you, fine, and soon as later, he comes to you and say, no, what do you think in a flat market, I increased sales 5% what is your reaction you're looking for? 50% so what do you tell him? 5% that's nothing. I want 50 now. What is his reaction back to you? You don't know what you're talking about. Leave me alone. And now, the more you push, the more you become resistant.

Unknown Speaker  24:34  
So that's life.

Speaker 1  24:37  
Now suppose that you were dummy and you reported your true efficiencies to corporate and you reported to corporates that you have 50% excess manpower. How long will it take until corporate will decide to do right sizing?

Unknown Speaker  24:55  
And they are doing the right sizing to you.

Speaker 1  24:57  
You are now put in a position where you say, what, I've induced these people to improve. These people really step forward. These people have caused these huge improvements, and now we're rewarding them by laying them off over my dead body. Corporate is not impressed with your dead body. The X is going down. The means that x goes down. What happened? Everyone that was not laid off will now not give any reason whatsoever to the company to lame off.

Unknown Speaker  25:30  
Result the T rate on the spot.

Speaker 1  25:33  
Everything goes back, not to normal, but to worse than what it was before. This is what I mean by providing only one link, improving only one link may cause problems for the links that improved, huge problems. As a matter of fact, you are now in huge conflict with your own morals, not to mention the fact that your people will now not be able to be induced to be improved, to improve anymore. Nobody wants to improve himself out of a job.

Unknown Speaker  26:04  
This happening on a mammoth scale.

Speaker 1  26:08  
That's why you must start correctly in holistic way, because if you don't, you start to create animosity between the functions, the ones that improves, puts pressure on the other one, talks to him to do the same, but is should not do the same as production. The TOC solution for marketing is vastly different than the TOC solution for for production. The CO problem is different. The assumption which we have to break is different. The local optimal rule that has to be changed is different. So whatever you say to him to do doesn't make sense because it doesn't make sense.

Unknown Speaker  26:48  
My problem

Speaker 1  26:50  
is with the third reason why holistic approach and the third reason is improving. Only one link is definitely a waste of the major benefits, huge waste, and nobody pays attention to it. Let me show you what I mean.

Unknown Speaker  27:09  
Let's take a plant of about $100 million

Speaker 1  27:16  
let's say that raw material out of selling price is 40% this is the average of all industries, not of cost, but of selling price, raw material of selling price 40% it's about average across Yes, there are companies which is 60% there are companies that raw material out of selling price is 10% let's take this average number, 40% now what you've done is you've implemented what's written, The goal in the plant. What are the result that you get within let's say, three months, four months. As a matter of fact, sometimes one month depends on the shape and the structure of the plant. One result is working process and finished goods. Inventories are dropping to half. By the way, not raw material, because raw material inventory is a function of how your suppliers have improved, not you, but working process and finished goods is a function of how you improved. So raw material and work in process drops to half. Let's say that you had ten million of inventory. This drops to half, $5 million what is really the bottom line benefit? So you got some injection of cash, but this is one time what you are getting for to the bottom line is a carrying cost of the inventory that you saved. It's about a million dollars a year. Not bad, especially when the whole implementation cost you almost nothing costs you slaughtering of sacred cows, that's all.

Unknown Speaker  28:44  
What else?

Speaker 1  28:47  
You have now improved your delivery performance. You have now shrinked dramatically your lead time by about 70% this has an impact of sales, even if the salespeople are not changing. So let's say that the usual happened, which is about 3% increase in sales due to this, now that there is enough clients that notice that you are now much better. And because of it, the informal system is increasing the orders about 3% this is about the average when we are talking about that marketing is not collaborating with you. What is the impact of 3% more? 3% means that if you are a plant of $100 million you're selling $3 million more. But wait a minute, 40% of it is raw material. Okay? What about all the other costs nothing because you have done this with the same people, with the same machines. So the only additional incremental cost was the raw materials that went into the additional sales. This means about 1.6 $1.7 million to the bottom line. We are now at 2.7 million to the bottom line per year. Not bad. Another thing which usually comes out is that you did put appropriation request for new machinery for, let's say, $2 million and you are fighting for it, and then when you implement the goal, you find out that you have excess capacity going through your ears, so you've canceled your request for new machinery, and by that, you save the company $2 million

Unknown Speaker  30:20  
one shot deal. But look more

Speaker 1  30:24  
cash to the company because of the inventory deduction, about $2.7 million to the bottom line per year, saving of additional $2 million of machine. Everybody's happy, except for me, I am miserable. Why you have 50% excess capacity? What would have happened if marketing and sales would have implemented, to see,

Unknown Speaker  30:50  
not drum buffer rope,

Speaker 1  30:51  
they are not production, they would have implemented the application of TOC for them, for marketing, it is a construction of unrefusable offer. Unrefusable offer means exactly what it sounds, even though I love the word mafia offer. In other words, it's an offer which is so good that the client must buy and at the same time, one of the things that we demand in do you see that the offer will not be based on reduction in price, because if it is reduction price and it's working, your competitor can mimic you, immediately reduce his price, and what you got is not more sales, but the price war. There is always a way to get to construct an unrefusable offer. I will talk about it a little bit more later, and then we teach the salespeople of how to follow the buying process so that we increase dramatically their hit ratio in terms of making the sales. The combination means that you can sell all these additional 50% excess capacity for prices which are not lower than today. Prices, as a matter of fact, usually higher. How much impact that has on the bottom line, 50% sales in the same prices. Means, if the plant was $100 million it means additional $50 million sales. It's the same people, same machines, same expenses. The only thing that it costs you is the raw materials that went into these additional sales. Raw material, we said, is 40% which means from the $50 million raw material is $20 million this is additional $30 million to the bottom line every year. So we are so happy with the $3 million and we don't even pay attention that we just wasted $30 million that nobody enjoyed it, not even Uncle Sam, nothing. That's what frustrates me to the maximum, the power of the holistic approach, the real bottom line benefits, the huge bottom line benefits are coming not when one function is doing it, when one function is doing it, you get nice results, bottom line results, but this is dwarf relative to the bottom line results that you get when you implement it holistically, and that's why we have to do it. Now. The question is how to do it, because remember, what's the meaning of starting with holistic approach, starting with all functions at the same time, going on till you see in sync? This requires what this require a consensus among all the top managers. Not a lip service consensus, but a true consensus. What is, for me, true consensus, not that everybody will say, yes, let's do it. That's not a consensus, not that people will say, it's a good idea. I support it. You know what? It's worth nothing. True. Consensus means that all top management agree on the same exact action plan, while each one of them on the actions belonging to his area of responsibility. He regards this section as his own baby, each one of them, if you can reach that, all top management agree on the same action plan, each one on his section regarded as his own baby, then you have a true consensus. Then you can move without any hesitations. Then it will work perfectly. But the question is, how to reach such a consensus when we don't start in heaven, we start here on earth. Well, these top management are not exactly in love with each other, because each one of them has his own bag, his own opinion about what the other have done to him, their own trust or whatever. How do you reach such a true consensus, and at the beginning it looks an impossibility. This is what took me seven years to develop. I want to show you that this is possible, by the way, I've decided to open my mouth and to promote it in January of this year, and I've done it when 54 implementations have been done in 54 companies, small, medium and one large

Unknown Speaker  35:12  
out of the 5451

Unknown Speaker  35:14  
were successful, good enough for me,

Speaker 1  35:17  
by the way, since then, we don't know what to do with the three, but at least we identified the common denominator, the cause that prevents history from be successful. So, we now we know how not to start in these places.

