Speaker 1  0:03  
I'm a physicist and as a physicist, I am trained to despise sophistication. So if you are looking for something grim Jaws with a lot of equations in it's something really impressive Forget it. You see in physics contrary to what most people believe in. We are looking for simplicity. We believe to complicate things even a child can do to look on reality which is complex. And to find out,

Unknown Speaker  0:36  
why is it actually simple.

Speaker 1  0:38  
That's what is required. For example, if I'm looking on the Nobel Prize, which is the most cherished Prize in Physics, I don't know if there are many people who are aware that to get the Nobel Prize in physics there is only one criteria. Actually, it's quite simple. What you have to do is to publish only one article. And this article can be only three or four pages, that's all. But the requirement is that when any other physicists read this article is reaction is one and only one and the reaction is, oh shit. That's a nobel price. If any of you read any one of my books, you know what I'm talking about. You're looking on reality which looks very complex. You have to bring it to the level that everybody says it's just common sense. As I've said many, many times Theory of Constraints is nothing but extension of physics. Or, for that matter, all the hard sciences natural sciences approach to reality to constructing know how is very different than the social sciences. Unfortunately, I haven't seen yet any codification of the difference between the hard sciences and soft sciences. So I'll give you my version. I've spent in physics about 15 years before I've jumped out of the world that deals with atoms and electrons. Or chemistry, which is dealing with molecules or biology was duly dealing with enzymes into the world that is dealing with human based organizations. That were what I've tried to do is to use the exact same techniques that the health sciences are using for the material world in order to

Unknown Speaker  2:36  
analyze

Speaker 1  2:38  
and find better solutions. For the human based organization world. In my eyes, the difference between the hard science and the soft sciences boils down to a different definition of just two words. And the real difference in the health science approach is in the beliefs, fundamental beliefs that the hard science attach to each one of these words. That's the whole difference. The two words that hard science is defining differently than the usual definitions the day to day definition or the social science definition. The two words are complexity, and problem. Let me start with the first one complexity. In order to demonstrate to what extent the definition of physics is different. Let's view two systems system a and system B. System A is described as these four circles, system B is this nightmare.

Unknown Speaker  3:47  
My question is,

Speaker 1  3:50  
which system is more? Complex? System A or system B? Start to see. Some of you will see saying system a some of us is saying system B. And some of you are from the United Nations. You don't have any opinion. That's fine. The truth is, and you know it very well, that if we will go and randomly pick a person in the street, and we'll ask him this question. The likelihood will be that he will say what are you asking? It's obvious that system B is by far more complex and system a you will not even understand the question.

Unknown Speaker  4:34  
At the same time.

Unknown Speaker  4:37  
If we will go to any university in the world,

Speaker 1  4:41  
to any physics department in any university and will ask the exact same question. The physicists will say what are you asking about? It's obvious that system a is much more complex and system be the exact opposite. Now there is no right and wrong answer here. The different answers come from the fact that the people are using different definitions of the word complexity. The common prevailing definition for the word complexity is the more data elements are needed to fully describe the system. The more complex the system is, then repeated, the more data elements are needed in order to fully describe the system. The more complex the system is, if you can describe full is a system with four sentences. That's a simple system. If you need 4000 pages to fully describe the system, that's a complex one. According to this definition, which is the prevailing definition, no doubt the system B is much more complex and system a not only that, you have to describe many more circles, you have to describe all the arrows. So why do physicists gives intuitively the opposite answer? Because in physics, the word complexity has nothing to do with the amount of data. The word complexity has everything to do with a difficult difficulty to control and predict the behavior of the system. And the formal definition probably is something like the more degrees of freedom the system has, the more complex the system is. Let me repeat it, the more degrees of freedom the system has the more complex the system is. Let me try to explain this definition in more understandable words, looking the following look at the system and ask yourself, what is the minimum number of points you have to press in order to impact the entire system.

Unknown Speaker  6:46  
If you have to press four

Speaker 1  6:48  
different points, this is by far more complex than if you have to press only one. The number of points a minimum number of points that you have to press in order to impact the full system that's the degrees of freedom of the system. Using that definition, looking system a what is the minimum number of points that we have to touch in order to impact the whole system for but in system B, assuming of course, that these arrows, the arrows that are we are in love with in physics, which is cause and effect arrows. If these arrows are cause and effect, what is the minimum number of points that we have to touch here in order to impact everything? Only one? No wonder that the physicist who just looking on it for a second will say it's obvious the system is much more complex and system B. Why do I stress this difference in definitions? Because of the fundamental belief that physics has regarding this world, as a matter of fact, fundamental belief about reality, and this is a very strange belief. The fundamental belief of physics is

Unknown Speaker  8:02  
this and that. There are no

Unknown Speaker  8:04  
complex systems in reality.

Speaker 1  8:08  
So I'll repeat it again. There are no complex system in reality. Let me show to what extent it's engraved in physicists. For that, let me point to the number one topic in physics for in the 20th century. Even though most people are not exactly interested in the work of physicists, especially not theoretical physicists. Nevertheless, number one topic is very well known even outside physics, it is called the uniform field theory or the search for the uniform field theory. It started at the beginning of the 20th century, when Einstein have paid attention to the fact that there is more than one field or as we usually call it, force. So there is a gravitational force, the electromagnetic force, the strong nuclear force, and the weak nuclear force. Since then, the search started for the one thing that cause all the four I said I've wasted on it more than 30 years and failed. Now you might expect that if Einstein after surgery has failed, no other one will do to a risk is couriered. Not true. Almost every physicist in the field worked on it. Most of them failed. As a matter of fact, the first progress was in the 80s when one person personally found the one thing that caused two of them the weak nuclear field and the electromagnetic field and of course, got a Nobel Prize for it. Right now, the superstring theory is claiming that they found the one thing that caused all of the four fields and by the way, the same thing is caused all the type of matter but the question that I'm asking is who's said that there is one thing that goes all the for? No one. Nevertheless, why did you work on it? Because the only things that does claim that there is why because all the four is a fundamental belief which says four is too complex reality cannot be complex. So there must be one thing that goes all the four Let's find it. To that extent it's engraved in physics. Why is it so important for us? Because look what is happening when you are coming to a company and asking about improvement? What you want to improve the things which are not good enough right now, and you're asking what is not good enough? You're getting a barrage of complaints. People are experts in between bitching and moaning.

Unknown Speaker  10:42  
And that stage, what do you get? You get two circles.

Speaker 1  10:47  
Nobody likes complexity. And because of it, what I say is that once you have it, you start to address each one of them on its own merit. That's why for example, you see that the problem of too much inventory is dealt very separately from the problem of human morale and dealt very separately from the problem of the strategy of the company and so on. But when I as a physicist came to the field, and that's what was presented to me,

Unknown Speaker  11:16  
my first question was,

Speaker 1  11:17  
are you talking about mathematical model? Or are you talking about reality? The means that they told us told me yes, that's our company, we are talking about reality, what must go in my mind. This picture is much too complex. Which means since this picture is claimed to be reality, it must be that what it tells me is just a partial description of reality, partial description of reality that actually looks like that. And what they show me is some partial description. So what that actually showing me are effects of a much deeper cause. What is my chance of improving on an effect? If I do not touch the cause? If I don't even acknowledge the cause? What is the chance that that will improve the fact? Nothing? So the first step is not to try and rectify each one of the complaints of the not good enough things of the undesirable effects, but instead, all the efforts are going to establish the cause and effect diagram, the current reality tree of the situation. And this effort continues on and on until when, until I find one entry that cause them all. Only then I know that I have a good enough picture of reality. I can start to address things otherwise. I'm addressing fragments, I'm addressing undesirable effects rather than the cause isn't understood. For example, if you look on my books, I believe that many of you have read the goal. For example, the first hint on a solution to gold starts with a boy scout. This is about page 170. Whatever done in the first 170 pages, now you know what they've done? I've build based on your experience and your intuition. I've built the current reality tree, the cause and effect diagram of the whole situation. This is its approach due to this common belief from the physics is very different from the start, but that does not stop there is a said there is a second word which physics defines differently if we will not take that second word is its fundamental belief, we are bound to the huge mistakes for example, in some organizations for some organization when they've done all this contract tree all this cause and effect, I found that it's the bottom that is the core problem. The constraint if you want is the fact that the company is too centralized. Even would have stopped there. What is the solution that jumps immediately to mind? decentralize. And then we are immediately in the trap. Have you seen companies that are going from centralization to decentralization? Two years later, to centralization two years later to central decentralization for six months, nobody knows where the toilets are. That's helped very much the performance of the company. In other words, we have here still a problem. Which we all know because of the common wisdom. The common wisdom tells us that as long as you have not verbalized precisely the problem, you are in trouble. As a matter of fact, they're saying verbalizing precisely the problem is halfway toward the solution. What's the meaning of verbalizing precisely a problem? Once the meaning what is the definition of a problem? Which brings a second words that physics defines very differently than the social sciences. You see the definition in the social sciences? Yes, I know in social sciences, nothing is defined. So let's help them. It looks like the common definition of the word problem is what are some things that they don't like? That's a problem. For example, my mother in law is a big problem.

Unknown Speaker  15:34  
Do you know what I'm talking about?

Speaker 1  15:35  
Do you really believe that that's the definition of physics? Of course, not. The definition of physics, because the word problem involves something like a conflict that prevents the system from reaching its objective. Definition In physics of the word problem involves the word conflict. And if you don't establish a conflict, you are not yet talking about the problem you are talking about belly aches. A conflict that prevents the system from achieving a desired objective. That's a problem. In visit, physics that brought the second fundamental belief, which is even more astonishing, than the first fundamental belief, remember the first fundamental belief it was that reality is not complex. There is no complex systems in reality, the second fundamental belief is much more astonishing. And that's probably what prevented scientists from applying it to human based organizations. The second fundamental belief is there are no conflicts. In reality. So repeated, there are no conflicts in reality. How can a married men believe in it? Still, that's a fundamental belief, and let me show to what extent it is engraved in every science. This as a matter of fact, in most engineers, as well.

Unknown Speaker  17:05  
support that we have

Speaker 1  17:08  
two methods to measure the weight of things. And we take a specific object, and we use one method to measure its weight and it comes out to be two pounds and then, because of who knows why we take the other method, and we measure the same exact object, if it comes out to be four pounds. Now show me a physicist that will say let's compromise, let's say three pounds. Such a physicist was not born yet. Automatically. They will say it must be that we made a mistake somewhere. So let's repeat again. Using the first method. What's the answer? Use the second one last name mistake, and we've still consistently we get that one method is showing two pounds and the other method is showing four pounds. What will we assume must visit at least one of these methods is wrong? Or you know what might be even that our concept of wait is wrong? Then we'll go to that extent, but we'll never say let's compromise. In other words, what we'll just say, can't be that there is a conflict in reality, whenever we see a conflict in reality, it is because we have made a mistake. We have assumed something about reality, which is wrong, and that's why we see the conflict. But the conflict is not inherent in reality. If you take that as a concept, that there is this belief that there are no conflicts in reality, look, what is your approach to find solutions. In other words, if the first method to conquer the tree is this systematic method to find all the old local optima rules, the second one of the problem is a systematic way to find the holistic rules. And this is what the theory of constraint is based on. Recall problem, the core conflict that we found true for any organization today is the following. This is a core conflict from the point of view of managers here must make some comment. Whenever I'm doing a analysis on a company I'm doing it for more than one angle, one is from the company, one is from the people are working for the company, I must get the same answer exactly. Because if there is a conflict between the management of the company for example, and the company yield it, anyhow, it must merge. Here is for example, the core conflict when I'm doing it from the management point of view, the objective of every manager is manage well do agree. I haven't seen yet one manager that comes every morning to work and says how can I mess things up today? Such a person does not exist? I must admit, I've seen more than one manager that messes things up every day. But that's something potentially that's objective to manage well, but what is the meaning of Manager Well, to manage well, we have to satisfy two different necessary conditions. One is we must control cost. If we don't control cost, costs we go too high we are bankrupt. And this is correct for for profit organization and for a non profit organization. From the other hand, we must protect sales. What is sales? Sales are the things or deliverables that we promise to the external world. Okay, that's the meaning of sales. So for example, if you are in a for profit organization, you know exactly what is sales if you are in an army sales means what you promised when you promise defense. This is what you have to protect college readiness if you want to do one without the other if you've done nothing. Now, in order to control cost, what must you do? Remember where it's cost drained?

Unknown Speaker  21:17  
In every department,

Speaker 1  21:21  
everything costs you money. Correct. So if you want to control costs, you have to have the control on the local basis where the cost is drained. Which means in order to control cost, you must judge according to the local impact. On the other hand, look what is happening to sales, your commitment to the external world as an organization, this is not done by one person. Because if it would have been done by one person, we didn't need the whole organization. If you look for example, a for profit organization okay. That is people who are designing the product and people who are producing the product and people who are shipping the product and people who are getting the clients to know that we'll know who to ship to and people that are billing and collecting the money. If one link just one drops the ball what happened to sales drops. In other words, the sales and once again, doesn't matter if for profit or not for profit is achieved through synchronized efforts of more than one link. Which means if you want to protect sales, you cannot anymore judge by local impact, because a local impact, what is good for one link may be devastating for another you are not allowed to judge according to local impact anymore. Is it understood?

Unknown Speaker  22:41  
Fine.

Speaker 1  22:46  
You see now in order to manage well, I must control costs, and at the same time, I must protect sales. But in order to control costs, I must judge according to local impact in order to protect sales. God forbid that I'm judging gone to local impact. If you notice the small conflict.

Unknown Speaker  23:03  
This is by the way what I call

Speaker 1  23:06  
the precise definition of a problem. The conflict that prevents attaining a desired objective. In TOC world it's called the cloud. Why because a big black cloud above our heads represents a real problem. Let me show you what happens when we are restricting ourselves to the area that the goal of wrestling itself in other words to the shop floor to production. If I'm going into production, the translation becomes the following. The objective is still managed well. But instead of control cost, I'm getting something much more specific.

Unknown Speaker  23:52  
I'm getting

Speaker 1  23:56  
constantly fight to

Unknown Speaker  24:00  
reduce waste.

Speaker 1  24:04  
See as a person in charge of production, I cannot control the big things. But one thing I know everyone wants more. Sometimes they're right many times are not right. If I will not make sure that the more that they want will not be abused, which means it will not be wasted if I will not constantly fight to reduce waste costs. So as a production manager that's constantly fight to reduce waste is what I call control cost.

Unknown Speaker  24:38  
That's a translation for me.

Unknown Speaker  24:41  
Same time,

Unknown Speaker  24:42  
what is the biggest waste?

Unknown Speaker  24:46  
In the eyes of production manager?

Unknown Speaker  24:49  
It's not scrap.

Speaker 1  24:50  
Do you know what's the biggest waste in spite of the correct huge efforts and just in time and TQM and lean now is doing it's not scrap? It's not this things it is something else. Let's face it. Here is a machine that we bought for $3 million. And this machine we use only one day a week. This is what we call waste. Here all these people that we pay my salaries, plus fringe benefits plus anything else insurance plus vacations, and they're working only 50% of the time. What a waste in the eyes of most managers in operation. Today still a resource standing idle is the major waste. Which means what if I want to constantly fight to reduce waste and the biggest waste is resources which are not utilized I must use efficiencies local efficiencies as a prime measurement. I must know how much of what percent of the time you're really working. Because if you're working 90% Fine, but if you are working 50% different final. I must do that as a prime measurement at the same time remember not to manage well. I have to protect sales. What is protecting sales in operation today? Today, it is constantly fight to increase flow. Faster, faster, faster. Look what happened 20 years ago we have promised six weeks and we've delivered 70% on time and everything was fine. Today we promise three weeks. We deliver 95% on time and the bastards are still bitching moaning

Unknown Speaker  26:33  
you know what I'm saying? It's everywhere.

Speaker 1  26:38  
If I want to protect sales, and I'm not talking just immediate sale, but sales in general after that, I must continuously fight to increase flow. But what did we learn the biggest enemy of flow. The local efficiencies here is a foreman that wants to score high on his variances and because of it is doing a larger batch and the whole flow stops. Which means in order to constantly fight to increase flow, Don't even dream to use local efficiencies as the prime measurement. Here is the conflict and this conflict is causing everyone in operation to constantly jump between the drops. To the extent that right now, it's very important to be not waste and that's why we have to do this optimal batches. And we have to pay attention to that and we have to pay attention to that. And tomorrow we get a furious phone call from a client. And then we switch immediately to that. And then you stay all the weekend deliver the things, expediting to things, breaking all the rules of waste and we all the time jumping between that and unfortunately most of the fields that I see is to try to find an optimum point here.

Unknown Speaker  28:06  
We call it optimizations

Speaker 1  28:10  
mostly appears itself today in order to do this optimization better. This in my eyes ludicrous because if you really look at what is happening today in every company, our people are much better than we give them credit that's so close to the optimum. And even if you will use all the sophisticated tools in the world, you will not increase it by more than half a percent.

Unknown Speaker  28:35  
What we have to do is

Speaker 1  28:39  
that's my belief at least not to accept the conflict. The conflict is here because we have made a mistake. We have assumed something about reality. That is wrong. And as long as we continue to assume it, we will face a conflict. The things that helped me to find it well the fact that in social sciences V proof is everybody does it. Everybody believes in it. This means it must be right. In physics. If you say everybody believes in it, it doesn't mean a thing. It still can be very wrong. So you have to really rethink all the assumptions. Here's a beautiful example of it because what I want to prove to you is this assumption a resource standing idle is a major waste, even though it is believed throughout the world by almost all managers. It is still wrong. First of all, let me ignite in you the sneaky suspicion that it might be wrong. Can you imagine an environment where we are paying for the resources for their liability? Depends on salaries, we're paying for the equipment. Still. We don't think that they should work all the time. On the contrary, we think that if they will work on that all the time, it will cost us a fortune and better to pay them to stay idle. Do you can imagine such an environment. If not, let me give you an example. Do you have a fire fighter department?

Speaker 1  30:18  
In your house in your town? You pay for it, sir? Equipment? Would you like that your fire department will work 100% of the time. Now this means putting all your town on fire. This is not exactly what you want. In other words, the fact that we are paying for the resource for each availability machine we pay the investment worker we pay the salary. This does not yet mean that if it stays idle, it's a waste. It will be such if in making me really work. I don't have to pay something in addition, who said that this

Unknown Speaker  30:55  
is a case.

Unknown Speaker  30:58  
Let's examine it and in order to examine it I have to build a model.

Speaker 1  31:03  
Once again when I'm looking how models are done in things which relate to people like in economy or in management, I cannot understand it at all. Let me show you how models are built in physics. The first thing that you do is you are figuring out what are the essence of the model? In other words, what are the most important things that you want to model? This is what you model and you leave out all the trivialities and not you model according to what you know to solve, which is the ways that the economy is doing. What are the most important things in operation in my eyes, there are three of them. One is the fact that we do not deliver through the use of one resource we deliver through the synchronized effort of many resources. Otherwise, we wouldn't have an organization, all the problematics all the difficulty comes from the fact that it's not a single resource that it is dependent resources, what makes the dependencies effects that have to be synchronized in order to deliver the things that we are selling. So this is a must to appear in our model dependent resources. The second thing is not to overcomplicate

Unknown Speaker  32:17  
and somehow I see over complication

Unknown Speaker  32:21  
in the modeling.

Speaker 1  32:23  
Because let's face it, everywhere any organization that you go, you will see the corporation is not built arbitrarily, people have brains and because of it in any operations that you go, you can see the direction of flow through some products are going in the middle. Some are making a ping pong before they continue, some are jumping, but you do see the direction of flow

Unknown Speaker  32:48  
everywhere.

Speaker 1  32:51  
So let's put it there is a general direction of flow in real life organizations. And there are certain things that they must emphasize because I haven't seen it in most of the models out there is something that everybody knows Murphy does exist. If you solve a problem, which you assume Murphy does not exist, you are not solving a real problem. By the way, as managers let me tell you something, not only is it Murphy exists, is specifically after you what is the definition of Murphy in my vocabulary was the chance of a piece of bread falling with a butter facing down nanana now I'm not 100% Optimistic the chance of a piece of bread falling with a butter facing down is directly proportional to the price of the carpet. Now let's take the three of them together and build the model and see how simple the model comes out.

Unknown Speaker  33:50  
Let's do the model

Speaker 1  33:52  
first thing is we'll put dependent resources. Let's put some circles to show it to them. Remember, each circle can be a whole battery of machines with people and with tools. I'm not talking here about a line here. Each one of that is a type of resource. And the resource can be outsell

Unknown Speaker  34:10  
Okay.

Speaker 1  34:12  
Second thing is there is a direction of flow.

Unknown Speaker  34:17  
Come on give me the arrow.

Speaker 1  34:19  
There is some direction Yes, some products will go ping, ping and then out. Some products will go here and then here and then out. But most products the vast majority okay, this is a direction all and this other thing is of course Murphy exists. Now what is the questions that build the model in order to answer Is it correct that in reality, besides paying for the availability of the resource I will have to pay more if I want to utilize a resource 100% of the time. Because if I have to pay more, it means that if it's idle, it's not necessarily a waste, because I'm saving the things that I'm not paying more. Let's try with one resource first. To see if this concept is correct even for one resource out of them. Which resource are we going to look on? I don't care arbitrarily let's designate it by x. Let's put x on one of them randomly here it is. Fine. Now look. As we said Murphy exist. What does it mean? It means that from time to time, we must assume that one of these resources will be hit by Murphy. And because of it, his ability to produce will go down. That's the meaning of Murphy and we must assume that this will happen. If that's the case, since this is the direction of flow after a while what must happen? This resource will starve it will not have worked work on and then I cannot use it 1% So if I do want to use even one resource to 1% I have to pay a penalty. What is the penalties they have to pay? I have to build a bank of work right in front of this resource. Let's have it here this some bank of work so that when these resources one of them is hit by Murphy, these can continue to work. This is the penalties they have to pay how big of a penalty. It depends on the environment. This is what really differentiate in my eyes between three different environments. One is operation. I'm saying operation not just production, because for example the paperwork operations that we have in our company that's production. The other environment is service and the service environment is engineering. So far all of them will be exactly the same things. They have dependent resources, they have a direction of flow and so on. The real difference comes in how much it cost us this for example in production this cost us quite a bit. It's a lead time and the inventory. You know that most of the inventory in the lithium is in the cube habits. Not too big. Then if we start to talk about it will be even smaller. This is lead time and inventory. But in service, the damage is much bigger. Why? Because in service many times we cannot start to work before the client came. For example, my garage cannot stop or fix my car before I brought my car. If I will find out that I have to be without a car for three days because the car is used as a bank to make the garage more efficient. Let me tell you that if I will find another garage I'm going there. In other words, this bank of work here cost you customer service.

Unknown Speaker  37:51  
Oh, let's look at another thing Hospital.

Speaker 1  37:53  
Hospital is production. Its operation. It's more than one resource involved to give us a treatment. Of course they cannot start to treat me before I'm there. If you noticed in hospital I am not just the client. I'm also the working process. And we've all found out that's all happening almost all hospitals, how much time do you stay there waiting and without being treated? So that the physicians and the administration and the nurses will be more efficient. The real difference by the way is here you're paying this customer service. Everything that we are talking is correct also for the service environment that you will have to do the translation, the translation in the language. For example, hospital is operation for every aspect, but they use a different language. For example in hospital, they do not use the word scrap

Unknown Speaker  38:51  
ever noticed, by the way, do they have scrap?

Speaker 1  38:55  
Of course. So you have to do the translation that will take some more time or for example, when we are saying in industry. We have lost the part it means we put it in a warehouse where the hell is it? When they are saying in hospital we have lost the patient. Don't look for this patient roaming in the corridors is gone. It's a matter of translation nothing more than that. And as I said the magnitude of this penalty, which immediately dictates different ways to work. In engineering, this penalty is much bigger than anything. Why? This is the majority of the leader in engineering especially product project engineering product design many times the penalty of being late is more than the price of the entire project. So in engineering, Product Engineering, to have a bottleneck is almost ultimate stupidity. Don't worry you don't have bottler engineering and the proof is that your engineering department is claiming that everybody's a bottleneck, which means you don't have even one. Look what is the real proof for it? Let's go back may have been hit one of them. This resource, continue to work drawing from the bank. So what must happen to the bank of work? It must go down. This means what the minutes and Murphy's rectified and all of them are working full capacity. Each one of them now have to do two jobs at the same time. One, it has to satisfy the work for this one. Which means it has to have the same equivalent capacity as this one. But at the same time they have to do a second job. What is the other job? Right? They have to rebuild the bank. Do they have infinite time for it? Now, they have to be rebuild it before Murphy hits again. Which means they have to have ample capacity to do it. This is what we call protective capacity. If we don't have that nobody can work be utilized. 1% Not even a single one. Now look what is happening.

Unknown Speaker  41:04  
I will go to this resource.

Unknown Speaker  41:07  
And I will tell him work.

Speaker 1  41:11  
Efficient work and they will say fine boss, but the bank is full. And I will tell him none of your business. You work all the time. What is the inevitable result? Lead time goes up inventory goes up, not sales, which means by forcing him to work all the time. That's where I'm creating the biggest waste of the money. What should I tell him? If the bank is full stop? When do you have to continue to work the minutes or something's drawn from the bank immediately as fast as you can. That's makes perfect sense. These if you don't mind is the base for Justin time. The only problem is that they put the banks everywhere rather than where it counts. That's the real difference between drum buffer rope and just in time. Nothing is a concept. But in what is the best rule. Let me explain a little bit drum buffer rope so it could become more a understandable. We take the bottleneck if we have if we don't have a bottleneck the only bottleneck that we have is an audit that we've committed to. That's the only constraint in the operation. We are basing now the schedule based on what satisfying the constraint that's the ones that limits us this schedule which is just the plain orders or the plane order is modified by the concerns of the bottleneck. This is what called is called the drum. Why it's called the drum that's a drum beat that everybody else in operation have to pace in accordance. Then we establish the buffer How big is the buffer? Depends how big is Murphy

Unknown Speaker  42:56  
Is it understood? That's

Speaker 1  42:57  
one that dictates it and then we establish the rope. What is the meaning of the rope choking the release of work to be in line with what is happening here. When ever things is taken from the buffer you release more work in accordance is what was taking that's it is called drum buffer rope. Yes As simple as that.

Unknown Speaker  43:19  
As a result, as a result a phenomenon. As a matter of fact, jump

Speaker 1  43:26  
rope is not enough. We have to change all the measurement system as well. An easy way to do it is to realize that Murphy hits all the time and we shouldn't change the plan due to Murphy. We have to separate between planning and execution. Execution means what is a change in the local priorities due to Murphy and that's very important to build this mechanism and not that if something happens not going to plan which is Murphy hit that we will do re planning which means we take them a local disturbance and we use our own hands create a global disturbance. You know this concept, this concept in a different way was irradiated by Deming all the time. And that's what he jumped up and down by the way, Deming is not a statistician Deming is a physicist.

Unknown Speaker  44:24  
It's all based on physics.

Speaker 1  44:27  
Well, that means says the following look, let's see what is the variations as long as it's within the variation. Don't realign the machine. Because if you realign the machine, you increase the variation you are turning a random noise into systematic noise and by that you you are larger and so as long as it's within this parameters, don't realize the machine. You want to reduce the variability even more correct the process itself rather than realignment same thing is correct not just for one machine but the whole thing. For that we have to bring in something called buffer management and buffer management is setting the immediate priorities according to Murphy, let me just give you some hints about it. For example. You are a foreman not have not have a bottleneck you have now two jobs which one to do first. In order to show you what is the mechanism to do it. I will use something broad on that. You are not a foreman you are in charge of the machine maintenance service to the operation. He comes to you as a foreman he comes to you and say my one of my machines is down come and fix it before you go there. He comes to you is a foreman of another department and say one of my machine is down come and fix it. How do you choose today? We know by the level of the screams is there a better way? And the answer is yes. What you have to do is to ask the machines that is down in your department which is the task that is needed the most in the bank. The machines that is down here, which is a task that is needed in most in the bank on that machine. Now you know which machine has to be fixed first, by the way don't ask them they will cheat and lie. You have to get it directly from the system. This is called buffer management. It is also the things that now can guide for the first time, all the efforts of Lean because it can set the priorities of where lean methods should be used. In order to fix the process and where not. Otherwise we'll get a huge problem. Let's face it, thank God since there is a huge initiative today only of Six Sigma the same. But let's understand something. These initiatives are not new. We call them 10 years ago TQM. And just in time, we will replace the name we started again. Why? Because TQM and just in time even though it's the same have deteriorated to lip service. Why did he do it lip service because the techniques are wrong. Not true that the clicks are phenomenally good. What caused them to deteriorate to lip service? The fact that there was no focusing mechanism. I am a worker you are telling me to fix my process. i You teach me even how I fixed my process and I see that nothing happened in terms of the impact of whole plant. But do you think I'm dummy? I'm an idiot. These things will cause it that I will lose interest in it and it will become lip service. That's what's happening everywhere. In order to make sure that this initiative today of Lean and Six Sigma will not deteriorate. As before to lip service, we must provide the focusing What's the meaning of focusing that we tell them here this process, this aspect of this process must be fixed and the minute that they are improving on it immediately. The whole system takes advantage on it so they see that they really improved the plant. If we do it systematically, then six sigma and lean will yield the benefits and will flourish. The only things that can give it to you is buffer management. buffer management is a place where all the problems are coming in. For example, if I am tracking which work center have caused the deepest penetration into this bank, what do I get overtime? Let's say over two weeks, what do I get? I'm getting which work center has to be fixed and then what aspect of it? So there's statistics that the battle management tells me immediately What's your priority should they fix? But if I'm looking at the statistics coming from buffer management, it tells me which processes must be fixed. Which means it is focusing for all of lean and all of just in time, please do it otherwise, who knows if you will be able to start a server and these techniques these local improvement techniques of Lean and Six Sigma are phenomenally good.

Unknown Speaker  49:07  
Now look what we have seen so far.

Speaker 1  49:11  
What happens when we don't update and we cause everybody to tell him work work. What is unavoidable result? We are pushing things that shouldn't be pushed, right? They will start to accumulate. Remember, not everyone following the exact same routing they will start to accumulate. We continue to push in some places it will become to be a nice mountain for a while. But will we say then ah this one is a bottleneck. Then the mountain shifts and resave the bottlenecks are moving. The bottlenecks are not moving. We because we don't realize what is the real constraint and choke the release. We attempted everyone will work all the time. We create the wandering bottleneck phenomenon. And it's not because of mix changes. Is it because of the efficiency local rule of the efficiency and because of the batch size rule, which is once again local optimal rule

Unknown Speaker  50:15  
let's see what we have now.

Speaker 1  50:19  
What I've tried to demonstrate to you is that this approach of finding what is wrong assumption building from its own procedure is the only way probably to find the holistic rules. And so listed rules are not one sentence. For example, the answer to the efficiency syndrome is not anti efficiency. It is a whole procedure that we have to put in place the drum buffer rope in the buffer management procedure. And that's why I claim that in the ERP case, when the limitation was as big as we must make decisions without having all the relevant data. The rules are part of the real fabric of the company, all these local optima rules and then you rules are not just new rules. The whole new procedures. And that's why the hardest part is to get these procedures.

Unknown Speaker  51:23  
Don't worry, this is done.

Speaker 1  51:26  
This is a work of 20 years. You have read the goal and probably know that the goal was written we made history. It came out at the beginning of 84. I went from physics into this field in 78. So the goal is actually a summary of the first five years of my work. And it's not just me with my work. I had the best laboratory in the world which is called the industry of the world. Hundreds of people were participating in developing testing and retesting and retesting and believe me, I didn't stop to think in 1983 I continue on to cover all other functions, finding out systematically all the local rules and what should be the holistic rules. Just to show you how well it is working.

Unknown Speaker  52:22  
For my experience

Unknown Speaker  52:27  
everyone that have tried have made it

Unknown Speaker  52:32  
I'm unaware of one single failure.

Speaker 1  52:36  
And I've got hundreds of letters. For example, the letters that I cherish the most and I'm talking about the goal I've got as also the other books I got it about one year after the gold came out and it was from a plant manager. And he wrote to me, Dr. Gold that your book is not a novel anymore. It is now documentary because I have replicated what's written the goal done exactly that and replicated the results and the only difference between your book and my reality is that my wife didn't come back yet.

Unknown Speaker  53:13  
The results are real. The only

Unknown Speaker  53:17  
independent search that was done on it

Speaker 1  53:21  
was done. In 99 by two professors from New Zealand. It was published by Apex as a book. It's called the TOC world. It contains 88 articles published by companies. None of them solicited articles about what they've done. And what the results

Unknown Speaker  53:42  
none of them is solicited.

Speaker 1  53:45  
The average results of implementing rumba for open buffer management in these API companies is lead time cut by 70% total inventory by half. But the most important thing with the same people, same machines. The amount of throughput the amount that was offered to the market increased on average by 70%. This shows you to what extent this efficiency syndrome is killing us in creating so much work for nothing 70% on average. We will talk more about if it's so good. How comes it only about 2% of the World Industries using it by the way 2% of the world industry 1000s and 1000s of plants and companies, but still why what about the other 98% and this has to do some some things that you probably are aware of it's called the resisting change.

