Speaker 1  0:03  
So what we have done is we have used the distribution system as I've just showed it to you. And we have announced something called Top cons. By the way, go to any Cadillac dealer and you will find this town today, anywhere in the States. popcorns kicked means popular configurations to list of about 100 different configurations that of course the dealer will show you only after he will find out that they cannot sell you something that he has in his lot. The popular configuration in Florida are not the same as in California because the local tastes are different. In this local configuration, these pumpkins are held in the distribution exactly as I explained before. They are held in the regional warehouses which are huge parking lots near the trains and then they're held in about few 1000 cars in Cadillac near the plant itself. A anywhere in the country. If you will ask for any one of the popular configurations 24 hours and it's parked near your house. This reality. If you don't want that and you choose steel from the seven plus million configurations will accept your order. Clock. Anyone in the country and then it depends where you are. If in Chicago. It's 11 days and it's coming. It's parked in your house. If it is Los Angeles, it's 19 days. This is reality in the last four years. The beauty was that the popular configuration since we are holding them here and we deliver in 24 hours. The popular thing configuration became about 50% of the sales. So the the individual ones onesies and twosies when they're coming to the plant their first priority on the spot, this warehouse this became the capacity buffer for the plant. So we can immediately react to all the the specific orders and still react perfectly within 24 hours to the popular configurations. So the distribution is not just a distribution mechanism, it is also the buffer for the plant. Then of course we had to switch totally the way that the suppliers are giving the pallets into the plant because we cannot rely anymore on a forecast or a long term commitment because we wanted the minute that the order comes from the dealer. The next morning the car is starting to be assembled. So we have to make sure that all the parts are there. In order to solve that problem. We had to change the measurements. The measurements between GM and the first few dealers to the Cadillac. This leads us to the new role of the measurements what I wanted to which we will cover immediately after the next break. What I wanted to emphasize is this applications now which are changing the old rules into the new rules. The real power is not in each one of them in isolation, but in their combination in order to get a winning strategy.

Unknown Speaker  3:11  
Okay, that's the real power.

Speaker 1  3:12  
The winning strategy is different from one, one company to the other. You have to really construct it according to the situation of the company, its markets, its strengths and so on. This must be tailored

